
Planet Stories V01N01.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/the_golden_amazons_of_venus.xhtml
(35) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Aye, lad—the salt o’ the earth. We remain constant in a changing world. All the rest of you have forgotten race and breed and tradition, till ye’ve become as alike as peas in the same pod all over the Earth. We of Scotland take pride in being the exception.”
“aye, lad the salt o’ the earth. we remain constant in a changing world. all the rest of you have forgotten race and breed and tradition, till yeve become as alike as peas in the same pod all over the earth. we of scotland take pride in being the exception.”
(60) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Never mind the air filters, sonny!” grunted the big Scot with imperturbable good humor. “They’ll handle the smoke of good ’baccy better than the fumes of that filthy grricqua weed you smoke on Mars.”
“never mind the air filters, sonny!” grunted the big scot with imperturbable good humor. “theyll handle the smoke of good ’baccy better than the fumes of that filthy grricqua weed you smoke on mars.”
(205) Speck - “The Golden City of Larr!” she said, “Capitol of our land of Savissa. None but our own people have ever penetrated those walls except as prisoners of war.” The walled city of I.arr dominated the plain in all its towered splendor. Its walls of polished yellow stone were more than a hundred feet high. The serrated battlements at the top were faced with plates of thin gold. Domes of blue and scarlet gleamed within the walls. Slender minarets lifted their lattices high in the air. In the center was a massive round tower whose top was shaped like the point of a golden arrow.
(464) Quotes mismatch -1 - “By Lord, Steve came a-fightin’!” McTavish roared.
“by lord, steve came a-fightin’!” mctavish roared.
(649) Quotes mismatch -1 - “I don’t know.” Steve sat up and rubbed his head. “Y’ know, Chief, it really felt more as though I’d just walked squarely into a solid stone wall.”
“i dont know.” steve sat up and rubbed his head. “y’ know, chief, it really felt more as though id just walked squarely into a solid stone wall.”
OEBPS/expedition_to_pluto.xhtml
(58) Quotes mismatch 1 - Captain McCausland raised an athletic hand. “Spare me that, Mister Mate! I have heard it at approximately a hundred banquets before starting out on this expedition. Yes, we carry the fate of the world and all that. We have to find beryllium or else the Mars mines can’t be run and the atomic motors stop. I could sing it in my sleep. But suppose we do take chances and get this ship wrecked. Won’t the world have to go back to ‘barbarous’ electric power after all? For my part, I think some of those people in the twentieth century probably had a good time.”
captain mccausland raised an athletic hand. “spare me that, mister mate! i have heard it at approximately a hundred banquets before starting out on this expedition. yes, we carry the fate of the world and all that. we have to find beryllium or else the mars mines cant be run and the atomic motors stop. i could sing it in my sleep. but suppose we do take chances and get this ship wrecked. wont the world have to go back to ‘barbarous electric power after all? for my part, i think some of those people in the twentieth century probably had a good time.”
(65) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “HELLO, EARTH! This is Paulette deVries speaking, aboard 7-LOP, space-ship Goddard. For the last two days we have been running along the first leg of the angle that will lift us over the dangerous belt of tiny planets thirty million miles beyond Mars. In a few minutes; the ship’s motors will be started to turn our course again—straight for Pluto. I’m going to turn you over to the microphone in the motor compartment and let you listen as the seven-million-horsepower atomics taka hold. Jake Burcliall is in charge down there at the motors.... Ready, Jake? Take it away!
“hello, earth! this is paulette devries speaking, aboard 7-lop, space-ship goddard. for the last two days we have been running along the first leg of the angle that will lift us over the dangerous belt of tiny planets thirty million miles beyond mars. in a few minutes; the ships motors will be started to turn our course again straight for pluto. im going to turn you over to the microphone in the motor compartment and let you listen as the seven-million-horsepower atomics taka hold. jake burcliall is in charge down there at the motors.... ready, jake? take it away!
(69) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “It’s all right, just one of the incidents of interplanetary navigation. Hit by a meteorite. Out here above the planetoid zone and close to Jupiter meteorites are more common. Here’s Mr. Wayland, one of the junior officers, with a report. What’s the damage, Mr. Waylandf It is! Folks back on earth, we surely got it that time! The meteorite penetrated! Right through the twenty-inch bcryll-steel armor of our hull into compartment eighteen. The whole wall of the hull is crushed in there, we’ve lost a few hundred cubic feet of air, but the doors are closed ami our air supply is safe. Here’s First Mate Longworth, just back from compartment eighteen. He says they’ll leave the compartment as it is, and build a tunnel of thin metal through it to reach the five compartments toward the stern.
“its all right, just one of the incidents of interplanetary navigation. hit by a meteorite. out here above the planetoid zone and close to jupiter meteorites are more common. heres mr. wayland, one of the junior officers, with a report. whats the damage, mr. waylandf it is! folks back on earth, we surely got it that time! the meteorite penetrated! right through the twenty-inch bcryll-steel armor of our hull into compartment eighteen. the whole wall of the hull is crushed in there, weve lost a few hundred cubic feet of air, but the doors are closed ami our air supply is safe. heres first mate longworth, just back from compartment eighteen. he says theyll leave the compartment as it is, and build a tunnel of thin metal through it to reach the five compartments toward the stern.
(165) Quotes mismatch -3 - “Nothin’, Mr. Adam. I was just wonderin’, that’s all, if maybe you volunteered for this, but I don’t s’pose you’d care to tell.”
“nothin’, mr. adam. i was just wonderin’, thats all, if maybe you volunteered for this, but i dont s’pose youd care to tell.”
(172) Quotes mismatch -1 - “What have you got there?” Jake Burchall’s voice interrupted his chain of thought “I s’pose the Captain gave you that, too?” inquired the old engineer, picking up the rocket pistol, and when Adam nodded. “Not for mine, Mr. Adam. Them things is twict as dangerous to you as to whatever you shoot ’em at. Come back there with me to the engine room. I got some of those marble bombs stuck on long rods back there. When you poke something with them, you know the explosion isn’t going to blow you into the middle of next week.”
“what have you got there?” jake burchalls voice interrupted his chain of thought “i s’pose the captain gave you that, too?” inquired the old engineer, picking up the rocket pistol, and when adam nodded. “not for mine, mr. adam. them things is twict as dangerous to you as to whatever you shoot em at. come back there with me to the engine room. i got some of those marble bombs stuck on long rods back there. when you poke something with them, you know the explosion isnt going to blow you into the middle of next week.”
(245) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Look here, Miss,” he said. “I don’t want to say nothin’, but when I got into my own bunk, I took one of the shells out of this thing. The others are in the magazine. Now I want you to look at this.”
“look here, miss,” he said. “i dont want to say nothin’, but when i got into my own bunk, i took one of the shells out of this thing. the others are in the magazine. now i want you to look at this.”
(421) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “HELLO, Earth! This is Paulette deVries, recording for later broadcast. This, folks, is our last day on the planet Pluto—our last day by earth time, though the Plutonians wouldn’t recognize it. They seem to have no sense of time or time-telling instruments. I told you in our last record how the ship has been loaded with beryllium. We have her full now of as much of the metal as we can carry. Compartment eighteen has been cut away, and the ship neatly joined together along the line of the cut, the metal that armored the compartment has been worked over into partitions to replace the beryllium from Pluto.
“hello, earth! this is paulette devries, recording for later broadcast. this, folks, is our last day on the planet pluto our last day by earth time, though the plutonians wouldnt recognize it. they seem to have no sense of time or time-telling instruments. i told you in our last record how the ship has been loaded with beryllium. we have her full now of as much of the metal as we can carry. compartment eighteen has been cut away, and the ship neatly joined together along the line of the cut, the metal that armored the compartment has been worked over into partitions to replace the beryllium from pluto.
(422) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “The entire crew has been given shore leave for this last day. Only Captain McCausland and Professor Reuter will remain aboard the ship, with your radio gal, Paulette deVries herself. I have to work up my description of the interior of Pluto, gathered on my trip a few days ago.
“the entire crew has been given shore leave for this last day. only captain mccausland and professor reuter will remain aboard the ship, with your radio gal, paulette devries herself. i have to work up my description of the interior of pluto, gathered on my trip a few days ago.
(464) Quotes mismatch -1 - “We’re prisoners!” snapped Adam. “Anyone bring a weapon... anything at all? Even a spanner, Bjornsen? A bomb-spear, Rossiter? Don’t use it, fool, you’ll kill us all! Well, we’re in a hell of a fix! Our bare fists! Let’s get at those dam’ dwarfs on the balcony, anyway. Each fellow boost his neighbor up. Ready?”
“were prisoners!” snapped adam. “anyone bring a weapon... anything at all? even a spanner, bjornsen? a bomb-spear, rossiter? dont use it, fool, youll kill us all! well, were in a hell of a fix! our bare fists! lets get at those dam’ dwarfs on the balcony, anyway. each fellow boost his neighbor up. ready?”
OEBPS/war-lords_of_the_moon.xhtml
(145) Quotes mismatch -1 - Artana shook his head slowly. “Lord Horta and his savants have made progress in employing the R-ray, drawn from the red stars, as you taught him.” He knit his brows. “I have heard of nothing else—but wait. He and his most learned men have worked secretly for many moons, I know not to what purpose. You think—’>
artana shook his head slowly. “lord horta and his savants have made progress in employing the r-ray, drawn from the red stars, as you taught him.” he knit his brows. “i have heard of nothing else but wait. he and his most learned men have worked secretly for many moons, i know not to what purpose. you think ’>
(145) Double quotes mismatch 1 - Artana shook his head slowly. “Lord Horta and his savants have made progress in employing the R-ray, drawn from the red stars, as you taught him.” He knit his brows. “I have heard of nothing else—but wait. He and his most learned men have worked secretly for many moons, I know not to what purpose. You think—’>
artana shook his head slowly. “lord horta and his savants have made progress in employing the r-ray, drawn from the red stars, as you taught him.” he knit his brows. “i have heard of nothing else but wait. he and his most learned men have worked secretly for many moons, i know not to what purpose. you think ’>
OEBPS/cave-dwellers_of_saturn.xhtml
(21) Speck - “Yes,” said.the soldier, with pleased surprise. “I was on the team from North Central 4B.”
(30) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “On the basis of your fine record,” said Argallum, “I have selected you, Dynamon, to lead a dangerous expedition. You may refuse the assignment after you hear about it, and no blame will attach to you if you do. It is dangerous, and your chances of returning from it are unknown. But here it is, anyway.
“on the basis of your fine record,” said argallum, “i have selected you, dynamon, to lead a dangerous expedition. you may refuse the assignment after you hear about it, and no blame will attach to you if you do. it is dangerous, and your chances of returning from it are unknown. but here it is, anyway.
(402) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Land-kraken!” he shouted. “Ter’ble biggun!”
“land-kraken!” he shouted. “ter’ble biggun!”

Planet Stories V01N02.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/goddess_of_the_moon.xhtml
OEBPS/dictator_of_time.xhtml
(69) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Ah, the glory that is yours! You most fortunate children of a slumbrous past. From you we shall learn many things, things to fill gaps in our history of mankind. From your infantile brains we can extract racial memories stretching back to the early simian beginnings. From your bodies we can learn the history of man’s early structure.
“ah, the glory that is yours! you most fortunate children of a slumbrous past. from you we shall learn many things, things to fill gaps in our history of mankind. from your infantile brains we can extract racial memories stretching back to the early simian beginnings. from your bodies we can learn the history of mans early structure.
(102) Double quotes mismatch 1 - HE pointed to the motionless figures in the cages as, one by one, they passed them. “A cow,” he said, “which I brought through from the Fiftieth Century. Notice the exaggerated udders. The result of centuries of cross-breeding for milk. Somewhat different from the same beast of your day, I presume.
he pointed to the motionless figures in the cages as, one by one, they passed them. “a cow,” he said, “which i brought through from the fiftieth century. notice the exaggerated udders. the result of centuries of cross-breeding for milk. somewhat different from the same beast of your day, i presume.
(103) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “This next is a pterodactyl from the Jurassic Age. I am glad to say it lived two whole weeks after coming down through the warp. The hardier animals were the only ones to survive at all—until I perfected my process. You have already seen my brontosaurus. A harmless thing. We allow it to roam freely, but we had to destroy the dinosaur that came after it....
“this next is a pterodactyl from the jurassic age. i am glad to say it lived two whole weeks after coming down through the warp. the hardier animals were the only ones to survive at all until i perfected my process. you have already seen my brontosaurus. a harmless thing. we allow it to roam freely, but we had to destroy the dinosaur that came after it....
(119) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “An amusing misapprehension,” nodded Harg. “No doubt it was founded on someone’s having seen a phoenix pass unscathed through flame. The creature was quite immune to temperature changes. But not to disease. It was this that, finally, caused its extinction.
“an amusing misapprehension,” nodded harg. “no doubt it was founded on someones having seen a phoenix pass unscathed through flame. the creature was quite immune to temperature changes. but not to disease. it was this that, finally, caused its extinction.
(138) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “There is a sun,” cried the girl, “but you can’t see it. It’s concealed behind a huge dome of impervite—a sort of leaded, polarized glass. Harg told me all about it while you were unconscious.
“there is a sun,” cried the girl, “but you cant see it. its concealed behind a huge dome of impervite a sort of leaded, polarized glass. harg told me all about it while you were unconscious.
(139) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “In the year 17,000 A.D., or thereabouts, there was a terrible catastrophe on Earth. Man’s constant drainage of electrical energy created a rupture in the Heaviside layer, and the layer collapsed. As you know, the Heaviside layer is Earth’s only protection against potentials from space, from the undiluted strength of the Milliken rays.
“in the year 17,000 a.d., or thereabouts, there was a terrible catastrophe on earth. mans constant drainage of electrical energy created a rupture in the heaviside layer, and the layer collapsed. as you know, the heaviside layer is earths only protection against potentials from space, from the undiluted strength of the milliken rays.
(211) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Yet some day,” mused the younger one, “may evolve from these beasts men like ourselves. Who knows? Our world is older than theirs, and wiser. Yet even now our planet is dying. By the time they have become intelligent enough to return this visit, we may be dead, our civilization ended.
“yet some day,” mused the younger one, “may evolve from these beasts men like ourselves. who knows? our world is older than theirs, and wiser. yet even now our planet is dying. by the time they have become intelligent enough to return this visit, we may be dead, our civilization ended.
(231) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Yes. This world we are in is not peopled only by cold-blooded creatures like Harg. There are two mutant races of humanity. One tall and strong, as we always dreamed the future-man might be; the other spindling, puny, and viciously intelligent.
“yes. this world we are in is not peopled only by cold-blooded creatures like harg. there are two mutant races of humanity. one tall and strong, as we always dreamed the future-man might be; the other spindling, puny, and viciously intelligent.
(232) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “These latter, Harg and his fellows, are the descendants of those men whose brains, for some reason more receptive to the stimulus of ultra-short wave radiation, were spurred to great heights during the period of the Great Catastrophe.
“these latter, harg and his fellows, are the descendants of those men whose brains, for some reason more receptive to the stimulus of ultra-short wave radiation, were spurred to great heights during the period of the great catastrophe.
(235) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Slaves, yes! But they are dull-witted no longer. Generations have erased the madness from the Underlings’ brains. The Masters hold them in subjection now only because they have superior armament. The golden force-ray, for one thing.
“slaves, yes! but they are dull-witted no longer. generations have erased the madness from the underlings brains. the masters hold them in subjection now only because they have superior armament. the golden force-ray, for one thing.
(260) Double quotes mismatch 1 - At length Sert said, “—so that is as far as our plans have gone, Larry Wilson. You see how pitifully inadequate they are.
at length sert said, “ so that is as far as our plans have gone, larry wilson. you see how pitifully inadequate they are.
(319) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Wait a minute!” Larry had been thinking swiftly. “Sandy’s got something there. But there are angles. First of all, we’ve got to seize the control chamber, yes. But we also need more men. If we don’t get reserve strength—and good, strong fighting men, at that—sooner or later they’ll starve us and our little rebellion right out of our cubby-holes.
“wait a minute!” larry had been thinking swiftly. “sandys got something there. but there are angles. first of all, weve got to seize the control chamber, yes. but we also need more men. if we dont get reserve strength and good, strong fighting men, at that sooner or later theyll starve us and our little rebellion right out of our cubby-holes.
(320) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Right now the odds are temporarily balanced. We have fewer men, but our men are more powerful. Theirs are the best weapons, but our single weapon makes theirs useless. They control the dome—a point in their favor. But we are fighting for life and freedom—a point in ours.
“right now the odds are temporarily balanced. we have fewer men, but our men are more powerful. theirs are the best weapons, but our single weapon makes theirs useless. they control the dome a point in their favor. but we are fighting for life and freedom a point in ours.
(332) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Skip it. What I mean is, watch the dome. If you smell something funny, that’ll be fresh air, and it’ll mean Sandy and I have taken the fort. Attack then. We’ll be in a position to crack a whip over the runts.” He held out his hand. “Be seein’ you, guy! Let’s go, Sandy.”
“skip it. what i mean is, watch the dome. if you smell something funny, thatll be fresh air, and itll mean sandy and i have taken the fort. attack then. well be in a position to crack a whip over the runts.” he held out his hand. “be seein’ you, guy! lets go, sandy.”
XXX (340) Quote - “Oh, do I is? And am I be?Or couldn’t I have used to be?Oh, cruel fate, which was to me;I used to ain’t!”
(361) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “The end product of man’s genius,” he boasted vaingloriously, “for a thousand millenia! The machine which can span Time. You do not comprehend the object which spins upon the bar, no? I fear it is beyond your puny concept, friends from an unenlightened age. It is a tesseract; the infinite cube of four dimensions. Your eyes see but a cross section of its fullness, which is beyond seeing. Yet I, Harg-Ofortu, conceived and built it!
“the end product of mans genius,” he boasted vaingloriously, “for a thousand millenia! the machine which can span time. you do not comprehend the object which spins upon the bar, no? i fear it is beyond your puny concept, friends from an unenlightened age. it is a tesseract; the infinite cube of four dimensions. your eyes see but a cross section of its fullness, which is beyond seeing. yet i, harg-ofortu, conceived and built it!
(363) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “THESE banks control the ages that Have-Been and the ages that are Yet-to-Be. Through their relays are disrupted the world-line of any given thing at any given time. I would demonstrate, but terrific power is expended each time I bring a new object from the past; I would not now waste power to convince such savages as you.
“these banks control the ages that have-been and the ages that are yet-to-be. through their relays are disrupted the world-line of any given thing at any given time. i would demonstrate, but terrific power is expended each time i bring a new object from the past; i would not now waste power to convince such savages as you.
(368) Quotes mismatch 1 - A faint shadow flickered across the diminutive one’s face. “A recent disturbance,” he proclaimed, “amongst slaves whom we call the ‘Underlings’ has wakened in us, the Masters, recognition that for too many generations we have allowed our brains to expand whilst our bodies failed in strength.
a faint shadow flickered across the diminutive ones face. “a recent disturbance,” he proclaimed, “amongst slaves whom we call the ‘underlings has wakened in us, the masters, recognition that for too many generations we have allowed our brains to expand whilst our bodies failed in strength.
(368) Double quotes mismatch 1 - A faint shadow flickered across the diminutive one’s face. “A recent disturbance,” he proclaimed, “amongst slaves whom we call the ‘Underlings’ has wakened in us, the Masters, recognition that for too many generations we have allowed our brains to expand whilst our bodies failed in strength.
a faint shadow flickered across the diminutive ones face. “a recent disturbance,” he proclaimed, “amongst slaves whom we call the ‘underlings has wakened in us, the masters, recognition that for too many generations we have allowed our brains to expand whilst our bodies failed in strength.
(427) Speck - SANDRA was there, and in the excitement of the moment it did not seem strange to Larry that at the sight of him she should spring forward to throw her arms about him, drawing his face down to hers; nor did it seem strange tliat his lips should find hers of their own volition. He knevfe.tnow, that since first they had met on the grassy plain that outskirted the ultraworld city-state this was inevitable.
(431) Quotes mismatch 1 - Larry laughed grimly. ‘There is no way. The sonic amplifier is killing the Masters off like flies. Sert’s men will soon hold the city.”
larry laughed grimly. ‘there is no way. the sonic amplifier is killing the masters off like flies. serts men will soon hold the city.”
(431) Double quotes mismatch -1 - Larry laughed grimly. ‘There is no way. The sonic amplifier is killing the Masters off like flies. Sert’s men will soon hold the city.”
larry laughed grimly. ‘there is no way. the sonic amplifier is killing the masters off like flies. serts men will soon hold the city.”
(526) Double quotes mismatch 1 - Sandra said, “Don’t you see? It is true that the Heaviside layer once broke down under the strain of excess drainage. But that was centuries, millenia, ago. And ever since that time, men have been living beneath the domes. The Heaviside, being nothing but a gigantic field of force, regained its full potential, became once more an efficient shield between Earth and the deadly radiation from beyond.
sandra said, “dont you see? it is true that the heaviside layer once broke down under the strain of excess drainage. but that was centuries, millenia, ago. and ever since that time, men have been living beneath the domes. the heaviside, being nothing but a gigantic field of force, regained its full potential, became once more an efficient shield between earth and the deadly radiation from beyond.
(528) Double quotes mismatch 1 - The one named Mundro laughed heartily. “But naturally! Why should we return to slavery when we had a wide and beautiful world in which to live?
the one named mundro laughed heartily. “but naturally! why should we return to slavery when we had a wide and beautiful world in which to live?
(529) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “There are thousands like us outside. Free men, breathing the fresh air, feeling the mother Earth beneath our feet. Long years have we hoped and prayed that one day we might be strong enough to deliver you, our imprisoned brethren, from slavery. But until today, when these two were exiled, we thought there was no chance.
“there are thousands like us outside. free men, breathing the fresh air, feeling the mother earth beneath our feet. long years have we hoped and prayed that one day we might be strong enough to deliver you, our imprisoned brethren, from slavery. but until today, when these two were exiled, we thought there was no chance.
(546) Quotes mismatch -4 - HE opened his eyes to find a black face peering into his; great white eyes staring with fright. A soft hand was under his armpit, raising him; a liquid Negro voice was demanding, “Yo’ awright, boss? Yo’ hurt yo’se’f? Ah di’n’t see you fall till—boom! Theah you was! Yo’ awright?”
he opened his eyes to find a black face peering into his; great white eyes staring with fright. a soft hand was under his armpit, raising him; a liquid negro voice was demanding, “yo’ awright, boss? yo’ hurt yose’f? ah din t see you fall till boom! theah you was! yo’ awright?”
(551) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Newlyweds?” he said. “You can spot ’em every time. Oh, well—nothin’ like bein’ young!”
“newlyweds?” he said. “you can spot em every time. oh, well nothin like bein’ young!”
OEBPS/the_girl_from_infinite_smallness.xhtml
OEBPS/martian_terror.xhtml
(16) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Herewith I tender my resignation as Sub-Commander of the Martian Army of Occupation on the planet Venus,” he read. “If it is the wish of the Council-Royal, I desire immediate transfer to some post on Mars. I can no longer blind my conscience to the brutal treatment Venusians are receiving at the hands of us, their conquerors.
“herewith i tender my resignation as sub-commander of the martian army of occupation on the planet venus,” he read. “if it is the wish of the council-royal, i desire immediate transfer to some post on mars. i can no longer blind my conscience to the brutal treatment venusians are receiving at the hands of us, their conquerors.
(17) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “When I accepted this post two years ago, I understood that, under Commander Arzt, I would be endeavoring to control a savage, half-wild people scarcely more intelligent than beasts. I found them gentle, intelligent, cheerful, demanding only the treatment we accord our slaves at home. But do they receive it? Nol We dole them food not fit for swine. We work them fifteen hours a day in their own iridite mines, in the sulphur holes, at whatever other work is beneath a Martian soldier. Their population has been reduced twenty percent during the twenty years since Mars conquered them. Disease is prevalent in their poorer quarters—little letter than the ‘improved’ sections—to such an extent that few officers ever venture into these pestilential streets except to put down an occasional uprising.
“when i accepted this post two years ago, i understood that, under commander arzt, i would be endeavoring to control a savage, half-wild people scarcely more intelligent than beasts. i found them gentle, intelligent, cheerful, demanding only the treatment we accord our slaves at home. but do they receive it? nol we dole them food not fit for swine. we work them fifteen hours a day in their own iridite mines, in the sulphur holes, at whatever other work is beneath a martian soldier. their population has been reduced twenty percent during the twenty years since mars conquered them. disease is prevalent in their poorer quarters little letter than the ‘improved’ sections to such an extent that few officers ever venture into these pestilential streets except to put down an occasional uprising.
(164) Quotes mismatch 1 - Lolan sank back. He felt like a man who has had too strong a dose of some powerful drug. “Now I can explain a lot of things,” he murmured. ‘Tve had the feeling so many times that I’ve been a certain place before, yet I never understood why.” He got up, began pacing the tiny cabin with restless tread. When he spoke again, at last, he seemed to be talking to himself. “Then it must be true. I’m not one of Arzt’s bloodthirsty race, I’m a Venusian—one of Mora’s race!” Abruptly, he whirled on the little intelligence officer. “Well, what now? Where are we going?”
lolan sank back. he felt like a man who has had too strong a dose of some powerful drug. “now i can explain a lot of things,” he murmured. ‘tve had the feeling so many times that ive been a certain place before, yet i never understood why.” he got up, began pacing the tiny cabin with restless tread. when he spoke again, at last, he seemed to be talking to himself. “then it must be true. im not one of arzts bloodthirsty race, im a venusian one of moras race!” abruptly, he whirled on the little intelligence officer. “well, what now? where are we going?”
(164) Double quotes mismatch -1 - Lolan sank back. He felt like a man who has had too strong a dose of some powerful drug. “Now I can explain a lot of things,” he murmured. ‘Tve had the feeling so many times that I’ve been a certain place before, yet I never understood why.” He got up, began pacing the tiny cabin with restless tread. When he spoke again, at last, he seemed to be talking to himself. “Then it must be true. I’m not one of Arzt’s bloodthirsty race, I’m a Venusian—one of Mora’s race!” Abruptly, he whirled on the little intelligence officer. “Well, what now? Where are we going?”
lolan sank back. he felt like a man who has had too strong a dose of some powerful drug. “now i can explain a lot of things,” he murmured. ‘tve had the feeling so many times that ive been a certain place before, yet i never understood why.” he got up, began pacing the tiny cabin with restless tread. when he spoke again, at last, he seemed to be talking to himself. “then it must be true. im not one of arzts bloodthirsty race, im a venusian one of moras race!” abruptly, he whirled on the little intelligence officer. “well, what now? where are we going?”
OEBPS/revolt_on_the_earth-star.xhtml
OEBPS/the_tantalus_death.xhtml
(32) Double quotes mismatch 1 - He said, “I am ever thankful you me to speak allow. Think, I will tell you what I wish, fellow delegates.
he said, “i am ever thankful you me to speak allow. think, i will tell you what i wish, fellow delegates.
(37) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Before I make my plea for the water my planet needs, let me tell a myth that I read with enjoyment. It is the story of Tantalus, fellow delegates. Tantalus was placed by the gods in a river of purest water; when he wished to drink, recede the water would. So his thirst for ages tortured him.
“before i make my plea for the water my planet needs, let me tell a myth that i read with enjoyment. it is the story of tantalus, fellow delegates. tantalus was placed by the gods in a river of purest water; when he wished to drink, recede the water would. so his thirst for ages tortured him.
(46) Double quotes mismatch 1 - Olduk said, “There is more water on Earth than five billion Olduks could drink.
olduk said, “there is more water on earth than five billion olduks could drink.
(47) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “But I will speak, as I have spoken years in and years over.
“but i will speak, as i have spoken years in and years over.
(57) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Bribes! Gentlemen, Olduk has made his plea for ten years, and for ten years, in the best interests of the World State, we have refused him. Why? Because if you sell the Martians water, their population will increase to the point where they are able to conquer Earth. Remember that it was our numbers and not our science that won out over the Martians in the two wars.
“bribes! gentlemen, olduk has made his plea for ten years, and for ten years, in the best interests of the world state, we have refused him. why? because if you sell the martians water, their population will increase to the point where they are able to conquer earth. remember that it was our numbers and not our science that won out over the martians in the two wars.
(61) Double quotes mismatch 1 - He said, “Then I have been refused forever. But I have no feelings of enmity. Allow me fully to explain situation once more, so that you may possibly feel sorry for my people. We are million in number—ideal, yes? Not canned like sardines on Earth, yes? Million enough, fortunately. But without water, in century, none. See? Our birth rate falls.
he said, “then i have been refused forever. but i have no feelings of enmity. allow me fully to explain situation once more, so that you may possibly feel sorry for my people. we are million in number ideal, yes? not canned like sardines on earth, yes? million enough, fortunately. but without water, in century, none. see? our birth rate falls.
(62) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “But no, my people do not suffer of thirst. There become less people to drink. But it is cruel of Earth to kill a race because they hate. Therefore, all read story of Tantalus—interesting, see?
“but no, my people do not suffer of thirst. there become less people to drink. but it is cruel of earth to kill a race because they hate. therefore, all read story of tantalus interesting, see?
(92) Speck - The gong sounded on his television screen; Olduk.threw the switch. The face of the manager of World Broadcasters apjieared.
(95) Double quotes mismatch 1 - Olduk said gutturally, “Olduk greets you, people of Earth, and regrets that he cannot drink with you.
olduk said gutturally, “olduk greets you, people of earth, and regrets that he cannot drink with you.
(96) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “All read story of Tantalus, people of Earth. An old Grecian myth it is, come true. Interesting, see?
“all read story of tantalus, people of earth. an old grecian myth it is, come true. interesting, see?
(100) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Ladeeeeeees and gentlemannnnnnnn!” the loudspeaker blared. “Pedro Morestes, the handsomest man in the world, and the most perfect physical specimen by the Olivar Test, is about to break the world’s diving record of all time. Four hundred feet lie between him and the glistening surface of this world-famed pool!
“ladeeeeeees and gentlemannnnnnnn!” the loudspeaker blared. “pedro morestes, the handsomest man in the world, and the most perfect physical specimen by the olivar test, is about to break the worlds diving record of all time. four hundred feet lie between him and the glistening surface of this world-famed pool!
(196) Quotes mismatch 1 - “Damned if we will,” the other snarled, pacing up and down. “If we could find out where that ship is, we could send a super-tension ship down and blow it to—” He stopped, his eyes lighting. He wheeled. “Didn’t Olduk say ‘ten miles’ below the surface? Damn! There aren’t many places that deep—” He snapped his fingers, and reached for a phone.
“damned if we will,” the other snarled, pacing up and down. “if we could find out where that ship is, we could send a super-tension ship down and blow it to ” he stopped, his eyes lighting. he wheeled. “didnt olduk say ‘ten miles below the surface? damn! there arent many places that deep ” he snapped his fingers, and reached for a phone.
(252) Double quotes mismatch 1 - The Speaker said, standing on the rostrum where Olduk had stood four days before, “I want to make a short talk, and call for a standing vote.
the speaker said, standing on the rostrum where olduk had stood four days before, “i want to make a short talk, and call for a standing vote.
(258) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “The Old Duck was a Martian—but in body he was not a Martian. He told us that. He had been changed with ‘sundry operations,’ so that he could live in this climate, so different from that of Mars. Air pressure, oxygen content, moisture, content gravity. To each he was acclimated by surgical operations.
“the old duck was a martian but in body he was not a martian. he told us that. he had been changed with ‘sundry operations,’ so that he could live in this climate, so different from that of mars. air pressure, oxygen content, moisture, content gravity. to each he was acclimated by surgical operations.
(259) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Yes,” continued the Speaker, something catching in his voice, “he was changed in such a way that the terrific amount of moisture in the atmosphere of the Earth could be taken care of by his body. In order to make that possible, his twelve-foot body was given a capacity for water proportionately three times greater than that of any Terrestrial!
“yes,” continued the speaker, something catching in his voice, “he was changed in such a way that the terrific amount of moisture in the atmosphere of the earth could be taken care of by his body. in order to make that possible, his twelve-foot body was given a capacity for water proportionately three times greater than that of any terrestrial!
OEBPS/the_space_flame.xhtml
(62) Quotes mismatch -1 - The three raced down the corridor after the madman, who had disappeared into the main passage leading to the ’midships airlock. They reached the corridor together and wheeled into it. There at their feet lay Wrymore—they almost fell over him.
the three raced down the corridor after the madman, who had disappeared into the main passage leading to the ’midships airlock. they reached the corridor together and wheeled into it. there at their feet lay wrymore they almost fell over him.
(78) Speck - Most of the men wore bloody bandages, and one lay unconscious. Chapman, the chief.pilot, was pacing nervously back and forth before the dead control board; the other men were now dropping back into attitudes of listless dejection.
(123) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “They’re not protoplasmic, but what’s life? They’re alive in the sense we mean. They reproduce. Cargyle and I both have seen them. And as for their food supply—yes, I can tell you definitely what it is.
“theyre not protoplasmic, but whats life? theyre alive in the sense we mean. they reproduce. cargyle and i both have seen them. and as for their food supply yes, i can tell you definitely what it is.
(124) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “These things are not matter—they’re pure energy. I’ve seen nothing like it before. They’re energy concentrated and undissipating—held together somehow. And that energy behaves in a life-like manner. It feeds on energy, and it grows.
“these things are not matter theyre pure energy. ive seen nothing like it before. theyre energy concentrated and undissipating held together somehow. and that energy behaves in a life-like manner. it feeds on energy, and it grows.
OEBPS/the_man_who_killed_the_earth.xhtml
(14) Speck - IN his little tower, perched at the very peak of the great terraced pile of buildings which was his home and his citadel, Peter Groff sat brooding with hatred. The city, its factories, its vast plowed fields, lay stretched below him. Millions of humans, at play in little games. How he hated them! And they hated him—hated and feared him. It made him chuckle. For all his life he had worked and schemed and fought to make himself a power. The richest, most powerful man in the world—he had attained,jt. They had called him cruel, in his youth, with his ruthless business methods. He had laughed. Then they had no longer dared call him anything which would anger him. And he had laughed at that, while he had bought their governments and their armies with his money.
OEBPS/the_feature_flash.xhtml
(16) Quote - Upon leaving the University of North Carolina, your author of "Revolt on the Earth-Star” suddenly found all his friends worshiping the little silver god—Job. Which made him rather a heretic as all the gasoline tabernacles were overstocked with college graduates, and he hated to get up in the mornings, anyway. So he took inventory: He had driven an ambulance, packed tobacco, studied archaeology, dabbled in Chinese, written gags in New York and dated a widow. Which prepared him for nothing—except writing. So he wrote stories and stories and more stories, and they came back and kept coming back.
(16) Double quotes mismatch -1 - Upon leaving the University of North Carolina, your author of "Revolt on the Earth-Star” suddenly found all his friends worshiping the little silver god—Job. Which made him rather a heretic as all the gasoline tabernacles were overstocked with college graduates, and he hated to get up in the mornings, anyway. So he took inventory: He had driven an ambulance, packed tobacco, studied archaeology, dabbled in Chinese, written gags in New York and dated a widow. Which prepared him for nothing—except writing. So he wrote stories and stories and more stories, and they came back and kept coming back.
upon leaving the university of north carolina, your author of "revolt on the earth-star” suddenly found all his friends worshiping the little silver god job. which made him rather a heretic as all the gasoline tabernacles were overstocked with college graduates, and he hated to get up in the mornings, anyway. so he took inventory: he had driven an ambulance, packed tobacco, studied archaeology, dabbled in chinese, written gags in new york and dated a widow. which prepared him for nothing except writing. so he wrote stories and stories and more stories, and they came back and kept coming back.
(17) Single quote - Then Dr. Phillips Russell, author and teacher of creative writing at the University of North Carolina, told your author about George Lawrence Andrews, literary agent and critic over at Raleigh. So I talked to him and he read my stories. “Good,” he said, “but they don't fit any market because they weren’t aimed at any. You must specialize. I'll back you if I can find out what you can do.” After more talk, he seemed to make up his mind about me. Maybe my “stark unusuality” made him see something in me I hadn't guessed at myself. Anyway, he suggested science fiction. And science fiction it was, and quicker than either of us expected he sent me a check, and soon another, and another.
(22) Single quote - He’s lived in Bermuda and Quebec and Florida. In his wanderings he's weathered both hurricanes and automobile accidents. He’s been shipwrecked in a terrible Atlantic gale, and on that occasion, his daughter, then a mere infant, was adrift with her parents in an open boat.
(28) Single quote - Can your readers tell me what it was? St. Elmo's Fire? Ionized air? Or what?
(31) Single quote - UNLESS it contributes something new, no magazine is worth its salt. In this issue Planet presents two new artists: Jean Fawcette (The Tantalus Death) and Bill Edwards, (Dictator of Time, and Revolution on the Earth-Star). Fawcette, a young Missourian, just recently arrived in New York. Edwards acquired his sophisticated style on a Wyoming cattle ranch, polished it last summer at the Swift Packing Company’s N. Y. World's Fair exhibit, where he worked as a guide. Maybe you remember him: tall, 6’3”, and much like the men in his own drawings.
(31) Quotes mismatch -1 - UNLESS it contributes something new, no magazine is worth its salt. In this issue Planet presents two new artists: Jean Fawcette (The Tantalus Death) and Bill Edwards, (Dictator of Time, and Revolution on the Earth-Star). Fawcette, a young Missourian, just recently arrived in New York. Edwards acquired his sophisticated style on a Wyoming cattle ranch, polished it last summer at the Swift Packing Company’s N. Y. World's Fair exhibit, where he worked as a guide. Maybe you remember him: tall, 6’3”, and much like the men in his own drawings.
unless it contributes something new, no magazine is worth its salt. in this issue planet presents two new artists: jean fawcette (the tantalus death) and bill edwards, (dictator of time, and revolution on the earth-star). fawcette, a young missourian, just recently arrived in new york. edwards acquired his sophisticated style on a wyoming cattle ranch, polished it last summer at the swift packing companys n. y. world's fair exhibit, where he worked as a guide. maybe you remember him: tall, 6’3”, and much like the men in his own drawings.
(31) Double quotes mismatch -1 - UNLESS it contributes something new, no magazine is worth its salt. In this issue Planet presents two new artists: Jean Fawcette (The Tantalus Death) and Bill Edwards, (Dictator of Time, and Revolution on the Earth-Star). Fawcette, a young Missourian, just recently arrived in New York. Edwards acquired his sophisticated style on a Wyoming cattle ranch, polished it last summer at the Swift Packing Company’s N. Y. World's Fair exhibit, where he worked as a guide. Maybe you remember him: tall, 6’3”, and much like the men in his own drawings.
unless it contributes something new, no magazine is worth its salt. in this issue planet presents two new artists: jean fawcette (the tantalus death) and bill edwards, (dictator of time, and revolution on the earth-star). fawcette, a young missourian, just recently arrived in new york. edwards acquired his sophisticated style on a wyoming cattle ranch, polished it last summer at the swift packing companys n. y. world's fair exhibit, where he worked as a guide. maybe you remember him: tall, 6’3”, and much like the men in his own drawings.
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml
(18) Single quote - Just a few words in regards to your new publication Planet Stories. About the only thing that can be said in its favor is that it is a science fiction magazine. Your choice of reading matter is something awful, and I don’t mean please. As a collector’s item I welcome the magazine. As something to read, it just doesn't click. I’ll naturally buy all that you publish, which probably won't be very many, unless you change your story policy, and unless you do change your policy, I can only hope that this is the first and last issue. The yarns can’t be rated, as one is just as putrid as the next, so I won’t even undertake the job. Most first issues are, as a rule, not very good, so maybe by the next issue, providing, of course, that there is another one, you will have made some changes for the better. This being the case, I can only hope that you have a lot of luck with the effort, and that you will soon be in a position to go monthly, and that you show a letter department in the second date.

Planet Stories V01N03.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/space-liner_x-87.xhtml
(40) Speck - THE little space-ship was to sail at 3 a. m. I had my luggage aboard an hour ahead; and at quarter of three I was.oitering on the tube-lit stage watching the passengers bidding good-bye to their friends and then going up the long incline to where the X-87 was cradled forty feet overhead. An S.S. Man, without too much equipment, can hide it all pretty comfortably. Most of my small apparatus was tucked into capacious pockets. And with my square-cut jacket buttoned over my weapon belt, I imagine I looked like any ordinary citizen. I was booked as a mathematics clerk, going to the Moon to take a position in the bookkeeping department of the Blake Company. I’m smallish, and dark—and not too handsome, my friends tell me. Just an unobtrusive fellow whom nobody would particularly notice. I certainly hoped now that that would prove to be so.
(160) Quotes mismatch -1 - “The Purser, sir? I’m thinkin’ he should be in his office.”
“the purser, sir? im thinkin’ he should be in his office.”
(417) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Oh, you, Durk,” the man said softly. “Lookit what I found in here—cask of alcoholite. Good drinkin’, Durk.”
“oh, you, durk,” the man said softly. “lookit what i found in here cask of alcoholite. good drinkin’, durk.”
OEBPS/the_forbidden_dream.xhtml
(18) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Sid,” he said worriedly, “war is about to break out between Earth and Jupiter. I guess you know the reason, but I’ll review it. From no one knows where, a large piece of radium floated into the solar system. Naturally, every planet wanted it, and we were lucky enough to get it. The other planets took it with good grace—except Jupiter.
“sid,” he said worriedly, “war is about to break out between earth and jupiter. i guess you know the reason, but ill review it. from no one knows where, a large piece of radium floated into the solar system. naturally, every planet wanted it, and we were lucky enough to get it. the other planets took it with good grace except jupiter.
(19) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Now she’s mad at us, and three or four months will bring war. Nobody will win, but both will lose—heavily. The whole thing will be quite senseless. Now if we had a weapon superior to any now known, Jupiter wouldn’t dare attack us.
“now shes mad at us, and three or four months will bring war. nobody will win, but both will lose heavily. the whole thing will be quite senseless. now if we had a weapon superior to any now known, jupiter wouldnt dare attack us.
(21) Double quotes mismatch 1 - He surveyed me quietly. “You’ve heard of that, I suppose, though it’s hardly more than a legend.
he surveyed me quietly. “youve heard of that, i suppose, though its hardly more than a legend.
(22) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Thousands of years ago the natives of Ganymede held sway over a large empire—an empire which embraced, historians say, all the major planets, and the larger astroids. Today the race is almost extinct. Fifty of its members remain, and they live on Ganymede.
“thousands of years ago the natives of ganymede held sway over a large empire an empire which embraced, historians say, all the major planets, and the larger astroids. today the race is almost extinct. fifty of its members remain, and they live on ganymede.
(23) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “In the past, no way has been found to secure the secret. If it were in our possession now it would prove invaluable.
“in the past, no way has been found to secure the secret. if it were in our possession now it would prove invaluable.
(24) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Now, however, a means has been found. You are aware that, ever since interplanetary travel became an established thing, people realized it would be impossible to live on or visit worlds of which they were not native due to differing gravities and atmospheric pressures, and the quality of the atmosphere itself.
“now, however, a means has been found. you are aware that, ever since interplanetary travel became an established thing, people realized it would be impossible to live on or visit worlds of which they were not native due to differing gravities and atmospheric pressures, and the quality of the atmosphere itself.
(25) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “A genius discovered the only way out by inventing a complex machine which is used on every planet where there is intelligent life. The idea underlying its invention was not to use your own body, but a body native to the world in question. A large business has sprung up around this invention, and it is called Transmitted Egos, Inc.
“a genius discovered the only way out by inventing a complex machine which is used on every planet where there is intelligent life. the idea underlying its invention was not to use your own body, but a body native to the world in question. a large business has sprung up around this invention, and it is called transmitted egos, inc.
(30) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “You’ll be able to pass the test the Ganymedans give you, and the results will be negative. You’ll receive the entire mind, minus a slice of consciousness necessary to keep your own body alive. But in your ignorant state, you won’t be able to decipher the secret.
“youll be able to pass the test the ganymedans give you, and the results will be negative. youll receive the entire mind, minus a slice of consciousness necessary to keep your own body alive. but in your ignorant state, you wont be able to decipher the secret.
(89) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Calm yourself,” I said to him, in my new, crackling voice. “This measly body will not die!
“calm yourself,” i said to him, in my new, crackling voice. “this measly body will not die!
(113) Double quotes mismatch 1 - I nodded. “Ganymedans, as far back as history goes, have always been the most warlike race.
i nodded. “ganymedans, as far back as history goes, have always been the most warlike race.
(116) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “No,” I decided. “Not for a while. Remember, I’m supposed to be a psychologist, and I’ve got to take notes.
“no,” i decided. “not for a while. remember, im supposed to be a psychologist, and ive got to take notes.
(125) Speck - Their government,v as might be expected, was anarchistic. They were such a closely unified people, with identical ambitions and hopes, that no other form would have worked as well.
(138) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Sons of Ganymede,” came the caressing tones, “a day comes when we shall be as we were, when once again our millions shall hold sway over that vast empire our forbears founded.
“sons of ganymede,” came the caressing tones, “a day comes when we shall be as we were, when once again our millions shall hold sway over that vast empire our forbears founded.
(139) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “We shall be great, we shall be resplendent, and we shall grind under our heel those inferior races who now grind us under theirs. Oh, hated races, oh dogs who should, and shall, bow to us! Inferior races filled with the conceit of their fancied superiority! Sons of Ganymede,” the voice rang out, “never forget, and never fear! We shall be great!
“we shall be great, we shall be resplendent, and we shall grind under our heel those inferior races who now grind us under theirs. oh, hated races, oh dogs who should, and shall, bow to us! inferior races filled with the conceit of their fancied superiority! sons of ganymede,” the voice rang out, “never forget, and never fear! we shall be great!
(140) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “You, sons of Ganymede, shall not know that power and glory,” the tones suddenly sobbed out, “you shall not know the infinite grandeur of our race to come! But you shall be remembered and worshiped as those courageous ones who bore them, and caused them to live!
“you, sons of ganymede, shall not know that power and glory,” the tones suddenly sobbed out, “you shall not know the infinite grandeur of our race to come! but you shall be remembered and worshiped as those courageous ones who bore them, and caused them to live!
(141) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Millions of years will pass,” the rich, deep voice flowed on, “but Ganymede shall regain that which is rightfully hers. Resplendent sons of the universe, we shall be great!
“millions of years will pass,” the rich, deep voice flowed on, “but ganymede shall regain that which is rightfully hers. resplendent sons of the universe, we shall be great!
(210) Speck - I shook him, shotted at him, slapped him. His eyes opened, bewildered, and then a look of astonishment spread over his features. He laughed softly, and then helped me put my body in its chair. I leapt into the other chair and beckoned Carrist to tie me tightly. Just as he completed this, I heard the massed r,oar of fifty voices coming from the ruined city, a screaming flow of diabolical rage that set me to shivering. The voices grew louder, even as I yelled instructions at Carrist. He threw down levers, and once more that peculiar droning filled rny ears. All the while I yelled out instructions to Carrist. He later told me that for a short space of time both my body and that of the gnonle liad been shouting identical words at hfm. Later, just before the transmission was completed, it was my voice; and my voice alone that spoke.
OEBPS/exiles_of_the_three_red_moons.xhtml
(278) Speck - “Spike,” began Rusty, “there is something I never told you. I must tell you now.” And he told of the false crime that had brought him to Pluto, how he was to have been released and his sudden abandonment. He was a fugitive, yes, in a way; but he must get to Earth—somehow vindicate himself. It would ,be impossible if he added real crimes to the pretension that had put him here. Spike must understand.
OEBPS/the_cosmic_juggernaut.xhtml
OEBPS/the_dark_swordsmen_of_saturn.xhtml
OEBPS/sphere_of_the_never-dead.xhtml
(24) Quotes mismatch -1 - The disks across the room began to whir, without noise. Before either could speak again, the screen began to send out a soft glow. Then a figure materialized, that of a man, full sized, in a sort of garment fitting like waist jacket and tight trousers, but in a single piece. The man wore a helmet, chromium bright, and looked no more than forty. Bob and Jim waited, the former fully aware that a tremendous change, somehow, had come into their lives. As for Jim Kenley, he merely grunted. “Movies. Gimme Mickey Mouse, or Popeye. T’ hell with Flash Gordon.”
the disks across the room began to whir, without noise. before either could speak again, the screen began to send out a soft glow. then a figure materialized, that of a man, full sized, in a sort of garment fitting like waist jacket and tight trousers, but in a single piece. the man wore a helmet, chromium bright, and looked no more than forty. bob and jim waited, the former fully aware that a tremendous change, somehow, had come into their lives. as for jim kenley, he merely grunted. “movies. gimme mickey mouse, or popeye. t’ hell with flash gordon.”
(26) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Say,” Jim Kenley exclaimed, “what t’hell’s it all about. Yeah, I got pains. And why? Somebody slugged me, that’s why.
“say,” jim kenley exclaimed, “what t’hells it all about. yeah, i got pains. and why? somebody slugged me, thats why.
(26) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Say,” Jim Kenley exclaimed, “what t’hell’s it all about. Yeah, I got pains. And why? Somebody slugged me, that’s why.
“say,” jim kenley exclaimed, “what t’hells it all about. yeah, i got pains. and why? somebody slugged me, thats why.
(37) Double quotes mismatch 1 - THE disks ceased whirling. The screen faded to flat white, and Jim Kenley leaned against his bed, mumbling. “A nut,” he said. “A goof, with the baseball season coming on—and the Belmont Stakes—and—everything. And my job—a bonus if I finished by the rst of the month!” Bob went across to his friend. He felt sick, shaky. The impact of Vasper’s revelation was sufficient to daze any man, Bob felt. Now he patted Jim’s shoulder. “Then we’re two nuts, Jim.
the disks ceased whirling. the screen faded to flat white, and jim kenley leaned against his bed, mumbling. “a nut,” he said. “a goof, with the baseball season coming on and the belmont stakes and everything. and my job a bonus if i finished by the rst of the month!” bob went across to his friend. he felt sick, shaky. the impact of vaspers revelation was sufficient to daze any man, bob felt. now he patted jims shoulder. “then were two nuts, jim.
(140) Speck - Jim returned at that moment. He started talking about organizing two baseball nines. “Calling ’em the Yanks and Cubs,” he laughed. “Say Vasper—where you going?” Vasper had been listening intently, obviously to a message over his headphone. He whirled, raced toward the screen and vanished. “Can you tie that,” Jim exclaimed. “He’s a funny duck. But a good scout, Bob. I mean, like.us. He—”
OEBPS/star_pirate.xhtml
OEBPS/asteroid_h277-plus.xhtml
OEBPS/life_on_other_planets.xhtml
OEBPS/the_feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N04.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/the_ultimate_salient.xhtml
OEBPS/revolt_in_the_ice_kingdom.xhtml
OEBPS/buccaneer_of_the_star_seas.xhtml
OEBPS/domain_of_zero.xhtml
OEBPS/quest_on_io.xhtml
OEBPS/the_planet_that_time_forgot.xhtml
OEBPS/hermit_of_saturns_ring.xhtml
OEBPS/venus_has_green_eyes.xhtml
OEBPS/the_feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N05.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/one_thousand_miles_below.xhtml
OEBPS/phantom_of_the_seven_stars.xhtml
OEBPS/twilight_of_the_tenth_world.xhtml
OEBPS/the_castaway.xhtml
OEBPS/atom_of_death.xhtml
OEBPS/beyond_light.xhtml
OEBPS/exit_from_asteroid_60.xhtml
OEBPS/the_stellar_legion.xhtml
OEBPS/the_feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N06.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/the_war-nymphs_of_venus.xhtml
OEBPS/vampire_of_the_void.xhtml
OEBPS/exiles_of_the_desert_star.xhtml
OEBPS/the_monster_that_threatened_the_universe.xhtml
OEBPS/treasure_of_triton.xhtml
OEBPS/the_cosmic_derelict.xhtml
OEBPS/4_b_eros.xhtml
OEBPS/satellite_of_fear.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N07.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/invaders_of_the_forbidden_moon.xhtml
OEBPS/the_ballad_of_blaster_bill.xhtml
OEBPS/the_dragon-queen_of_jupiter.xhtml
OEBPS/sargasso_of_the_stars.xhtml
OEBPS/genesis.xhtml
OEBPS/world_of_mockery.xhtml
OEBPS/mutiny_aboard_the_terra.xhtml
OEBPS/space-wolf.xhtml
OEBPS/feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/proktols_of_neptune.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N08.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/vassals_of_the_master_world.xhtml
OEBPS/the_victory_of_klon.xhtml
OEBPS/the_star_of_satan.xhtml
OEBPS/dead_mans_planet.xhtml
OEBPS/the_raiders_of_saturns_rings.xhtml
OEBPS/south_to_propontis.xhtml
OEBPS/spawn_of_the_venus_sea.xhtml
OEBPS/feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/shadrach.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N09.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/the_lorelei_death.xhtml
OEBPS/queen_of_the_blue_world.xhtml
OEBPS/man_of_the_stars.xhtml
OEBPS/a_planet_for_your_thoughts.xhtml
OEBPS/thief_of_mars.xhtml
OEBPS/the_mercurian.xhtml
OEBPS/espionage_in_space.xhtml
OEBPS/feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/zurk.xhtml
OEBPS/monster_of_the_asteroid.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N10.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/black_friar_of_the_flame.xhtml
OEBPS/the_star-mouse.xhtml
OEBPS/feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/gods_of_space.xhtml
OEBPS/the_ballad_of_venus_nell.xhtml
OEBPS/the_thing_of_venus.xhtml
OEBPS/pied_piper_of_mars.xhtml
OEBPS/the_last_martian.xhtml
OEBPS/child_of_the_sun.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N11.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/task_to_lahri.xhtml
OEBPS/the_cosmic_derelict.xhtml
OEBPS/asteroid_of_the_damned.xhtml
OEBPS/the_star-master.xhtml
OEBPS/out_of_this_world.xhtml
OEBPS/captain_chaos.xhtml
OEBPS/as_it_was.xhtml
OEBPS/venus_enslaved.xhtml
OEBPS/the_ringer_family.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml

Planet Stories V01N12.epub

OEBPS/cover.xhtml
OEBPS/contents.xhtml
OEBPS/war-gods_of_the_void.xhtml
(49) Quotes mismatch -2 - “North-Fever,’’ the man said, worrying his lower lip. “This morning... we couldn’t stop him.”
“north-fever,’’ the man said, worrying his lower lip. “this morning... we couldnt stop him.”
(49) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “North-Fever,’’ the man said, worrying his lower lip. “This morning... we couldn’t stop him.”
“north-fever,’’ the man said, worrying his lower lip. “this morning... we couldnt stop him.”
(69) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Sure,” Goodenow said, tossing him a coin. “Wait here. Zan-t’kshan.” His burly figure lumbered into the translucent twilight of the jungle. Vanning was at his heels.
“sure,” goodenow said, tossing him a coin. “wait here. zan-t’kshan.” his burly figure lumbered into the translucent twilight of the jungle. vanning was at his heels.
(181) Double quotes mismatch 1 - The girl broke into his thoughts. “Rebellion is quite useless. You won’t believe that now, but you’ll understand
the girl broke into his thoughts. “rebellion is quite useless. you wont believe that now, but youll understand
(261) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Aw, shut up,” Sanderson snapped. “You give me the leapin’ creeps. Let’s get some sleep. We’ve got to attend the festival tonight.”
“aw, shut up,” sanderson snapped. “you give me the leapin’ creeps. lets get some sleep. weve got to attend the festival tonight.”
(276) Quotes mismatch -1 - The Swamja turned. ’ “I must attend to this carcass. My report must be made. You, Zeeth—take the new slave to Ombara.”
the swamja turned. ’ “i must attend to this carcass. my report must be made. you, zeeth take the new slave to ombara.”
(419) Double quotes mismatch -1 - Vanning didn’t move as the others left. Callahan took an oilskin packet from his belt and held it out. Here’s the treaty. I suppose you came after that.”
vanning didnt move as the others left. callahan took an oilskin packet from his belt and held it out. heres the treaty. i suppose you came after that.”
(453) Single quote - He wrenched viciously, dragging the creature's mouth wide open—and wider yet!
(492) Single quote - Callahan looked at Vanning’s set, haggard face, and whirled. He picked up Lysla’s limp body and braced himself in a corner. Zeeth and' Hobbs did the same. Before any of them could speak, Vanning had swung the power switch.
OEBPS/quest_of_thig.xhtml
(14) Speck - THIG carefully smoothed the dark from another planet with the upper air. sand and seaweed of the lonely beach He looked out.across the heaving waters over the metal lid of the flexible of the Sound toward Connecticut. He ringed tunnel that linked the grubby ship stared appraisingly around at the luxuriant green growth of foliage further inland; and started toward the little stretch of trees and brush, walking carefully because of the lesser gravitation.
(47) Double quotes mismatch -2 - “Sorry I was late,” he said, digging into his pocket for the glittering baubles,” but I was poking around on the beach where we used to hunt treasure and I found an old chest. Inside it I found nothing but a handful of these.”
“sorry i was late,” he said, digging into his pocket for the glittering baubles,” but i was poking around on the beach where we used to hunt treasure and i found an old chest. inside it i found nothing but a handful of these.”
(49) Single quote - “Why, Lew,” she gasped, “they're worth a fortune! We can buy that new trailer now and have a rebuilt motor in the car. We can go west right away.... Hollywood, the Grand Canyon, cowboys!”
(64) Single quote - He dared not say anything, for his voice would have broken and she would have known something was wrong. She was a very wise sort of person when something was troubling him. He waved his stubby paw of a hand to show that he had'heard, and blindly hurried toward the Sound.
(68) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “YOU have done well,” announced Torp when Thig had completed his report on the resources and temperatures of various sections of Terra. “We now have located three worlds fit for colonization and so we will return to Ortha at once.
“you have done well,” announced torp when thig had completed his report on the resources and temperatures of various sections of terra. “we now have located three worlds fit for colonization and so we will return to ortha at once.
OEBPS/space_oasis.xhtml
(34) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Well—Chet Wallacehe said. “You’ve done some marvelous meteor mining, this trip: Nineteen hundred dollars’ worth of radium-actinium ore! Splendid 1 Maybe you’ll do even better next time!”
“well chet wallacehe said. “youve done some marvelous meteor mining, this trip: nineteen hundred dollars worth of radium-actinium ore! splendid 1 maybe youll do even better next time!”
(59) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Not to say anything bad against old Mother Earth, Chet,” he continued. “Far from it! That’s just what’s needed out here—a little touch of our native scene. Growing things. A piece of blue sky, maybe. Enough gravity to make a man believe in solid ground again.
“not to say anything bad against old mother earth, chet,” he continued. “far from it! thats just whats needed out here a little touch of our native scene. growing things. a piece of blue sky, maybe. enough gravity to make a man believe in solid ground again.
(66) Double quotes mismatch 1 - I turned toward the little Martian. The dark pupil-slits, and the yellow irises of his huge eyes, covered me. “Irene has spoke the truth, Chet,” he told me in his slow, labored English. “The Asteroid Belt, the many hundreds of fragments that compose it, are the remains of a planet that exploded. So there is soil on many of the asteroids. Dried out—yes—after most of the water and air disappeared into space, following the catastrophe. But the soil can still be useful. And there is still water, not in free, liquid form, but combined in ancient rock strata; gypsum, especially. It is like on Mars, when the atmosphere began to get too thin for us to breathe, and the water very scarce on the dusty deserts.
i turned toward the little martian. the dark pupil-slits, and the yellow irises of his huge eyes, covered me. “irene has spoke the truth, chet,” he told me in his slow, labored english. “the asteroid belt, the many hundreds of fragments that compose it, are the remains of a planet that exploded. so there is soil on many of the asteroids. dried out yes after most of the water and air disappeared into space, following the catastrophe. but the soil can still be useful. and there is still water, not in free, liquid form, but combined in ancient rock strata; gypsum, especially. it is like on mars, when the atmosphere began to get too thin for us to breathe, and the water very scarce on the dusty deserts.
(152) Speck - “I’m just trying to.figure out how to make your deaths seem as accidental as possible,” Haynes said, looking at me. “A couple of men of mine seem to have bungled a little business of bacteria. Maybe they blabbed before you fellows killed them. Now, of course, I can’t take any chances. Too bad your reconditioned asteroid has to appear a failure for a while. But I can’t let my taking over seem too obvious. Have to wait a while. I may be able to start up something here later, when people sort of forget.”
(163) Double quotes mismatch -1 - Haynes began to examine the machinery. He was smirking again. “Simple to do!” he said to his companions. Set the robot control for gradually increasing power, so that we’ll have time to get away. Break the manual controls, so that no readjustments can be made. You can cut our friends loose now, Zinder, so there won’t be any ropes to show this was a put-up job. But keep your blasters on these men—all of you!”
haynes began to examine the machinery. he was smirking again. “simple to do!” he said to his companions. set the robot control for gradually increasing power, so that well have time to get away. break the manual controls, so that no readjustments can be made. you can cut our friends loose now, zinder, so there wont be any ropes to show this was a put-up job. but keep your blasters on these men all of you!”
(188) Single quote - It was tragic that old Art couldn’t have heard that. But his nephew wasn’t broad-'casting. He was just listening quietly.' And now his uncle’s voice was coming through:
(201) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “You didn’t realize it, did you, Haynes?” I grunted. “You didn’t realize that increased gravity would increase the weight of the atmosphere, as well as of everything else! And increased weight of the air, means increased atmospheric pressure, too, pushing molecules together, creating greater density. And what happens? Go back to your high school physics, Haynes!
“you didnt realize it, did you, haynes?” i grunted. “you didnt realize that increased gravity would increase the weight of the atmosphere, as well as of everything else! and increased weight of the air, means increased atmospheric pressure, too, pushing molecules together, creating greater density. and what happens? go back to your high school physics, haynes!
(202) Double quotes mismatch -1 - It’s like when you store air in the tank of a compressor pump. The moisture in it liquifies. And in the case of an atmosphere as big as 487 has now, static electricity would be suddenly and violently condensed, besides.”
its like when you store air in the tank of a compressor pump. the moisture in it liquifies. and in the case of an atmosphere as big as 487 has now, static electricity would be suddenly and violently condensed, besides.”
(212) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Inside the cage—all of us!” Geedeh squeaked. “Quickly! Bends!..
“inside the cage all of us!” geedeh squeaked. “quickly! bends!..
OEBPS/the_thought-men_of_mercury.xhtml
(109) Speck - How long the two ear.thmen had been prisoners on Mercury they had no way of telling, for there was neither night nor day, nor seasons in the twilight zone. But the Earth had disappeared over the south horizon and reappeared in the north and Cappy estimated that two-thirds of the Mercurian year of 88 days had passed.
(167) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Let ’er go!” Terry said.
“let ’er go!” terry said.
OEBPS/the_feature_flash.xhtml
OEBPS/vampire_queen.xhtml
(32) Quotes mismatch -1 - I nodded understanding’ and then shortly took my leave.
i nodded understanding’ and then shortly took my leave.
(61) Quotes mismatch -1 - “I said who in hell do you think we are!” repeated one of the men. “We’ve the right to see where we’re goin’, ain’t we?”
“i said who in hell do you think we are!” repeated one of the men. “weve the right to see where were goin’, aint we?”
(102) Single quote - Intently I watched. From her belt the girl took a glass phial and shook a tablet from it into the water. She said briefly, “Don't forget to make me up some more tablets. This is the last of this supply.”
(105) Speck - He nodded and I noticed there was a malignant grin on his face as he turned to the switchboard. I noticed too that Valcine had lost again that temporary look of compassion for the men below and ,was now standing grim and erect before the outlook port, studying the
(138) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Your father would have given plenty for a system as good as this, Valcine,” he muttered. “Pity he was so sentimental: it killed lots of his chances, and I could never
“your father would have given plenty for a system as good as this, valcine,” he muttered. “pity he was so sentimental: it killed lots of his chances, and i could never
(302) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Before I had space fever, or whatever it was, I used to work with my father in legitimate ore mining. Casper wanted us to do it illegally and make a fortune. I think, though I can’t prove it, that he killed dad in order to put his devilish plans into effect. When dad died, I was left alone in space with Casper. He tried to force me to agree to piracy, and I wouldn’t. It was against all my natural principles.
“before i had space fever, or whatever it was, i used to work with my father in legitimate ore mining. casper wanted us to do it illegally and make a fortune. i think, though i cant prove it, that he killed dad in order to put his devilish plans into effect. when dad died, i was left alone in space with casper. he tried to force me to agree to piracy, and i wouldnt. it was against all my natural principles.
OEBPS/prison_planet.xhtml
(19) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Peterson,” the field manager ordered, “come over here and help me throw this rat out.. He went for Rat. Peterson swung up out of his chair with balled fist. The outlander backed rapidly.
“peterson,” the field manager ordered, “come over here and help me throw this rat out.. he went for rat. peterson swung up out of his chair with balled fist. the outlander backed rapidly.
(41) Double quotes mismatch 1 - Roberds shook his head. “He didn’t take part in it. But Rat was attached to a very important office at the time, the outpost watch. And when Mad Barry Sansan and his gang of thugs swooped down on the Ganymedean colony, there was no warning. Our friend Rat was AWOL.
roberds shook his head. “he didnt take part in it. but rat was attached to a very important office at the time, the outpost watch. and when mad barry sansan and his gang of thugs swooped down on the ganymedean colony, there was no warning. our friend rat was awol.
(78) Single quote - “I'm sorry,” she managed to get out, gaspingly. “I wasn’t expecting that. I had forgotten you—”
(95) Quotes mismatch -1 - “They never get here until they’ve been through the mill first. Adenoids, appendix’, all the extra parts they can get along without.”
“they never get here until theyve been through the mill first. adenoids, appendix’, all the extra parts they can get along without.”
(217) Speck - He grinned again and waggled his head at her. “No. Who tell Rat?” Suddenly he was deadly serious as he spoke to her. “Rat a.w.o.l., go out to help sick man alone in desert. Rat leave post. Not time send call through. Come back with man, find horrible thing happen.”
(254) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “They didn’t get him. Earth did. Don’t you remember what he said about Earth being a nice place for us? Centaurians can’t endure Earth’s gravity and atmosphere; the Centaurian Embassy is very specially built, and all Centaurians come to Earth in what are virtually fish bowls.
“they didnt get him. earth did. dont you remember what he said about earth being a nice place for us? centaurians cant endure earths gravity and atmosphere; the centaurian embassy is very specially built, and all centaurians come to earth in what are virtually fish bowls.
OEBPS/stellar_showboat.xhtml
(27) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Yes, but wait. That fellow had nothing to go wrong about. He was tremendously successful, rich, happily married, and highly respected for his outstanding integrity. Yet he could hardly have been kidnaped, as there has never been a ransom demand. Nor has there ever been such a demand in any of the other cases similar to it.
“yes, but wait. that fellow had nothing to go wrong about. he was tremendously successful, rich, happily married, and highly respected for his outstanding integrity. yet he could hardly have been kidnaped, as there has never been a ransom demand. nor has there ever been such a demand in any of the other cases similar to it.
(29) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Uh, huh, grunted Neville, “I’m beginning to see. But why me, and why at Pallas?”
“uh, huh, grunted neville, “im beginning to see. but why me, and why at pallas?”
(50) Single quote - “Let's go,” said the colonel, as soon as the formalities were over.
(68) Quotes mismatch -1 - “You have seen our regular performance. We hope it has pleased you and you will come again next year. But if you will kindly remain in your seats, the ushers will pass around with tickets for the after-show. We have prepared for your especial delectation a little farce entitled, ‘It Happens on Pallas.’ Now, ladeez and gen’men, I assure you that this sketch was prepared solely for your entertainment and any resemblance of any character in it to any real person is purely coincidental. It is all in fun, and no offense intended. I thank you.”
“you have seen our regular performance. we hope it has pleased you and you will come again next year. but if you will kindly remain in your seats, the ushers will pass around with tickets for the after-show. we have prepared for your especial delectation a little farce entitled, ‘it happens on pallas.’ now, ladeez and gen’men, i assure you that this sketch was prepared solely for your entertainment and any resemblance of any character in it to any real person is purely coincidental. it is all in fun, and no offense intended. i thank you.”
(134) Double quotes mismatch 2 - “Here’s your chance to catch up on your rest and reading,“ said Neville grimly. “You don’t leave that bunk until I tell you to, y’understand? If you do, it will cost you five years in the mines of Ob-eron.”
“heres your chance to catch up on your rest and reading,“ said neville grimly. “you dont leave that bunk until i tell you to, yonederstand? if you do, it will cost you five years in the mines of ob-eron.”
(141) Quotes mismatch -1 - “Lay out your t’ings, sor?” queried Neville, once inside the room.
“lay out your t’ings, sor?” queried neville, once inside the room.
(168) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “The ship Fanfare has just landed—out of Callisto with wayside stops in the Belt. There is a passenger carrying three bags covered by gray canvas. Tail him. Tail everybody he contacts. If you need help, ask local HQ. If they can’t give enough, ask Luna. But whatever you do, don’t make a pinch. This guy is small fry. My code number is....
“the ship fanfare has just landed out of callisto with wayside stops in the belt. there is a passenger carrying three bags covered by gray canvas. tail him. tail everybody he contacts. if you need help, ask local hq. if they cant give enough, ask luna. but whatever you do, dont make a pinch. this guy is small fry. my code number is....
(178) Quotes mismatch 1 - “Bah! We have—or had, at last night’s report—eight hundred and ninety-three of your ‘specials’ half of them on probation. When you’ve spent, as I have spent, sixty-two years....”
“bah! we have or had, at last nights report eight hundred and ninety-three of your ‘specials half of them on probation. when youve spent, as i have spent, sixty-two years....”
(182) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Hold it,” he said, “I think I know the man you mean. But give me time—my memory is not what it used to be.
“hold it,” he said, “i think i know the man you mean. but give me time my memory is not what it used to be.
(190) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “LUNKO was not only an actor, but a producer and clever playwright as well. He might have achieved fame and fortune legitimately, but he became greedy. He teamed up with a shady character named Krascbik who ran a private investigating agency, specializing in social scandals. Krascbik’s men would study the private life of influential individuals and dig out their scandals. They would provide Lunko with slow-motion camera studies of them so he could learn the peculiarities of their carriage, mannerisms, 4voice, and all their other idio-syncracies.
“lunko was not only an actor, but a producer and clever playwright as well. he might have achieved fame and fortune legitimately, but he became greedy. he teamed up with a shady character named krascbik who ran a private investigating agency, specializing in social scandals. krascbiks men would study the private life of influential individuals and dig out their scandals. they would provide lunko with slow-motion camera studies of them so he could learn the peculiarities of their carriage, mannerisms, 4voice, and all their other idio-syncracies.
(193) Double quotes mismatch 1 - “Blackmail, young man, is a delicate matter to handle. The injured party shrinks from publicity and usually prefers to pay rather than have his scandal aired. Lunko never actually publicly produced any of those nauseous plays. His trick was to invite the victim to a preview—a dress rehearsal, then let Nature take its course. Invariably, the victim was frightened and tried to induce him to call off the presentation. Lunko would protest that the play had been written in good faith and had already cost him a great deal of money. The pay-off, of course, was always big. Lunko drove many people to the brink of ruin.
“blackmail, young man, is a delicate matter to handle. the injured party shrinks from publicity and usually prefers to pay rather than have his scandal aired. lunko never actually publicly produced any of those nauseous plays. his trick was to invite the victim to a preview a dress rehearsal, then let nature take its course. invariably, the victim was frightened and tried to induce him to call off the presentation. lunko would protest that the play had been written in good faith and had already cost him a great deal of money. the pay-off, of course, was always big. lunko drove many people to the brink of ruin.
(196) Single quote - “And then,” croaked O'Hara, rolling his pop-eyes toward the ceiling and pursing his lips, “and then we let him go. He had a trunkful of data on many, many important people. Some of them, I hate to tell you, were my seniors in this very Service. We could do nothing about it, for, unfortunately, all the stuff he had on them was true. We might have sent him to the mines for a short term, but he would have retaliated by standing our entire civilization on its head with his exposures. We compromised by letting him escape and go into exile. The understanding was that he was never to come inside the orbit of Mars. A while after that, he was reported killed in a landslide on Europa. We shut the book and proceeded to forget him.”
(211) Speck - “I just wanted to study your current rig, Hallam,” explained Neville, opening up his make-up kit. “Impersonation is a game that more than one can play at. I’m going in your place to Titan. I’m a teeny-weeny bit curious as to what.happens to your victims. Extortion carries good stiff sentences, but they lack the finality of that for murder.”
OEBPS/city_of_the_living_flame.xhtml
OEBPS/the_vizigraph.xhtml
(21) Single quote - There! Now that I’ve taken care of that (the winning of the coming sweepstakes, I mean) I'll continue with my epistle.
(30) Quotes mismatch -1 - Although I think Mr. Hasse’s letter is almost better than his story, Out of this World takes third place for the ability to create pictures or scenes in my mind as I read. (Which aforementioned fact is the test of fire, or sumpun’. Lord help us if this starts another Asinine affair 1)
although i think mr. hasses letter is almost better than his story, out of this world takes third place for the ability to create pictures or scenes in my mind as i read. (which aforementioned fact is the test of fire, or sumpun’. lord help us if this starts another asinine affair 1)
(36) Quotes mismatch -1 - Comes the sweepstakes and first place for Henry (that’s to make up for the rating on the story, and—ha ha ha—remember?) Second to Stoy. His idea of an organization for Vizi-grapheers has been curdling in my cranium for some time. I almost broached the subject myself. Come on, fellas’, how about it? Think we can do anything with it? I’ll volunteer mv services—for what they’re worth—in any capacity. Third place to the Happy Genius, for his cunning conceit.
comes the sweepstakes and first place for henry (thats to make up for the rating on the story, and ha ha ha remember?) second to stoy. his idea of an organization for vizi-grapheers has been curdling in my cranium for some time. i almost broached the subject myself. come on, fellas’, how about it? think we can do anything with it? ill volunteer mv services for what theyre worth in any capacity. third place to the happy genius, for his cunning conceit.
(51) Single quote - Few facts about myself? “Morojo” is derived from the initials of my maiden name, according to the Esperanto alfabeto, with a decisive “d” soffend to “j,” which in the tung of tomoro equals the English “y.” Thus my adopted name is pronounced: Mo-ro'yo.

0
1
1059
120
12000
126000000
13
150
1500
170
17000
18000
1870
193
1939
1940
1941
1942
1956
1957
1995
2
20
200
2000
21
2132
22
222washington
23
2326
2332
239000
24
2432
25983
260th
27
28
2800
3
30
300
3057
31
3300
3550
39
3a
3tra45
4
40th
4142432
43
439
45
461
487
4b
4e
4sj
4voice
50
50000
54
57
59
6
62
6475
6984
7
71
72
7200
78
83
87
88
9
900
9250
94
a
a3
aaah
aback
abandon
abandoned
abandonment
abate
abbreviated
abduction
abe
aberrations
abeyance
ability
able
ably
abnormal
abnormally
aboad
aboard
abode
abodes
abolished
aboriginal
aborigine
about
above
abrasion
abreast
abrupt
abruptly
abruptness
absence
absent
absently
absolute
absolutely
absorb
absorbed
absorbing
absorption
abstract
abstractedly
absurd
abundance
abysmal
abyss
ac
accelerated
accelerating
acceleration
accelerator
accellerator
accent
accented
accents
accentuated
accept
acceptance
accepted
accepting
access
accessible
accident
accidental
accidentally
accidents
acclaimed
acclimated
accommodate
accommodations
accompanied
accompaniment
accompany
accomplice
accomplish
accomplished
accord
accordance
according
accordingly
accordinig
account
accounted
accounts
accumulated
accumulators
accuracy
accurate
accursed
accusation
accused
accusing
accusingly
accustomed
ace
aces
acetylcholine
ache
ached
achieve
achieved
achievement
achievements
aching
achingly
acid
acidity
acknowledge
acknowledged
acknowledgement
acknowledging
acquaintance
acquainted
acquiline
acquired
acquisition
acres
acrid
across
act
acted
acting
actinic
actinium
action
actions
activated
activators
active
activities
activity
actor
actors
actress
acts
actual
actuality
actually
acurtain
acute
acutely
ad
adam
adapted
add
added
adding
addition
additional
additions
address
addressed
addressing
adenoids
adequate
adequately
adhering
adjacent
adjoining
adjournment
adjust
adjusted
adjusting
adjustment
adjustments
adjusts
administration
administrative
administrators
admirable
admiration
admired
admiring
admiringly
admission
admit
admitted
admitting
admonished
adopt
adopted
adopting
adorable
adore
adoring
adorned
adrift
adroit
ads
adult
adults
advance
advanced
advances
advancing
advantage
advantages
adventure
adventurer
adventurers
adventures
adventurous
adversaries
adversary
advertising
advice
advise
advised
aeon
aeons
afar
affably
affair
affairs
affect
affectation
affected
affection
affectionately
affects
affirmative
affirmed
afford
afire
aflame
afloat
afoot
aforementioned
aforetime
afraid
aft
after
aftermath
afternoon
afterward
afterwards
afzt
again
against
agam
agape
agate
age
aged
agencies
agency
agent
agents
ages
aggressors
aghast
agile
agility
agitatedly
agitation
agleam
ago
agonized
agonizedly
agonizing
agonizingly
agony
agree
agreeable
agreed
agreeing
agreement
agricultural
agriculture
ah
ahead
ahyss
aid
aide
aided
aides
aie
ail
ailing
ailments
aim
aimed
aiming
aimless
aimlessly
ain
air
aircar
aircraft
airdome
aired
airedale
airily
airless
airlessness
airliner
airliners
airlock
airlocks
airman
airport
airtight
aisle
aisles
ajar
akars
akin
al
alacrity
aladdin
alarm
alarmed
alaska
albeit
alcoholic
alcoholite
alcove
alert
alertness
alfabeto
alfalfa
alfd
alibi
alice
alien
alight
alighted
alighting
alike
alive
all
allay
allayed
alley
alleys
alleyway
allies
allington
allotted
allow
allowance
allowed
allowing
allows
alloy
alloys
allright
alluring
ally
alma
almighty
almost
alms
aloft
alone
along
alongsdie
alongside
aloud
alpha
already
also
alta
alter
altercation
altered
alternate
alternated
alternately
alters
although
altimeter
altitude
altogether
aluminum
alumite
always
am
amateur
amazed
amazedly
amazement
amazing
amazingly
amazon
amazons
ambassador
ambition
ambitions
ambitious
amble
ambulance
amdrink
amended
amerglish
america
american
americans
americas
ami
amiably
amid
amidships
amidst
amighty
amigoswilliam
amis
amiss
ammonia
amoeba
amoebas
amok
among
amongst
amopg
amos
amount
amounts
amphitheatre
ample
amplification
amplified
amplifier
amplifiers
amplify
amply
amputated
amscray
amused
amusedly
amusement
amusing
an
analyses
analysis
analytical
analyze
analyzed
analyzing
anarchistic
ancestors
anchor
anchorages
anchors
ancient
ancients
and
andiron
andrews
androids
anew
angel
angeles
angels
anger
angle
angles
anglo
angrily
angry
anguish
anguished
angular
angus
animal
animals
animated
animation
ankle
ankles
ann
annals
annihilate
annihilated
annihilation
anniversary
announce
announced
announcement
announcer
announcing
annoyance
annoyed
annoyedly
annoying
anomaly
anonymous
another
answer
answerable
answered
answering
answers
ant
antagonist
antagonists
antarctic
antarctica
ante
antenna
antennae
antennas
anteroom
anthro
anthropoid
anticipate
anticipated
anticipation
anticipatory
antidote
antigravitic
antiquated
antique
antlike
ants
anubis
anxiety
anxious
anxiously
any
anybody
anyhow
anymore
anyone
anything
anyway
anywhere
aonis
aorta
apaches
apart
apartment
apathetically
apathy
apd
ape
aped
apelike
aperture
apex
apiece
apjieared
apologetic
apologetically
apologies
apologized
apology
apoplectic
appalling
apparatus
apparent
apparently
apparitions
appeal
appealed
appealing
appealingly
appear
appearance
appearances
appeared
appearing
appears
appelation
appendage
appendages
appendices
appendicitis
appendix
appetizing
applause
apple
application
applied
apply
applying
appointed
appointment
appraisingly
appreciate
appreciated
appreciates
appreciation
appreciative
apprehension
apprehensive
apprentice
apprentices
approach
approached
approaching
approbation
appropriate
approval
approve
approved
approving
approvingly
approximately
approximating
aproximate
apt
aptitude
aquatic
aqueous
arboreal
arc
arcade
arch
archaeological
archaeology
archaic
arched
archeologist
archers
arches
archimedes
arching
archives
ardent
arduous
arduously
are
area
areas
areeba
aren
arena
argallum
argentine
argon
argue
argued
arguing
argullum
argument
arid
aright
arises
arising
arkansas
arkon
arm
armada
armadas
armageddon
armament
armaments
armature
armbands
armchair
armed
armies
armistice
armor
armored
armoring
armour
armoured
armpit
armpits
arms
army
aromatic
arose
around
arouse
aroused
arouses
arousing
arrange
arranged
arrangement
arrangements
arranging
arrant
array
arrest
arrested
arresting
arrival
arrive
arrived
arrives
arriving
arrogance
arrogant
arrogantly
arron
arrow
arrows
ars
arsenal
art
artana
arteries
arthritis
arthur
article
articles
articulated
artificial
artificially
artillery
artisan
artisans
artist
artistic
artistry
artists
artone
arts
arzt
as
ascend
ascendancy
ascended
ascending
ascension
ascensions
ash
ashamed
ashen
ashes
ashore
ashy
asia
asiatic
aside
asimov
asinine
ask
askance
asked
asking
asleep
asmosphere
aspect
aspects
ass
assail
assailants
assailed
assassinated
assassination
assault
assemblage
assembled
assembly
assented
asserted
assign
assigned
assignment
assignments
assimilate
assist
assistance
assistant
assistants
associates
association
assorted
assortment
assumed
assuming
assurance
assure
assured
assuredly
astern
asteroid
asteroids
astonished
astonishing
astonishment
astounded
astounding
astral
astray
astride
astroids
astrologers
astrological
astrologists
astronomer
astronomers
astronomical
astronomy
astrophysicist
asunder
aswim
asylum
at
atarkus
atavism
ate
athens
athlete
athletic
atlantic
atmosphere
atmospheres
atmospheric
atom
atomic
atomics
atomizer
atoms
atop
atrocious
atrophied
atta
attach
attached
attaches
attack
attacked
attacker
attackers
attacking
attacks
attain
attained
attainedjt
attainments
attempt
attempted
attempting
attempts
attend
attendant
attendants
attended
attending
attention
attentively
attila
attitude
attitudes
attract
attracting
attraction
attractive
attractor
attribute
attuned
au
auburn
audacity
audi
audibility
audible
audibly
audience
audiences
audiphone
audiphoned
audiphones
audition
auditor
auditorium
august
aura
auras
aurora
austere
authentic
authenticated
authenticity
author
authorities
authority
authorizes
authors
autographed
automatic
automatically
automaton
automatons
automobile
autumn
autumns
auxiliaries
auxiliary
avail
available
avalanche
avalon
ave
aven
avenge
avenged
avenging
avenue
avenues
average
avert
averted
avidly
avis
avoid
avoided
avoiding
avoids
aw
await
awaited
awaiting
awaits
awake
awaken
awakened
awakening
awards
aware
awareness
away
awe
awed
awesome
awful
awfully
awhile
awkward
awkwardly
awng
awoke
awol
awright
awry
ax
axed
axial
axis
axles
ay
aye
azure
b
bab
babble
babbled
babe
babel
babes
babies
bacchus
baccy
back
backdrop
backed
backers
background
backing
backlash
backs
backstage
backward
backwards
bacteria
bad
badge
badges
badly
bag
baggage
baggages
baggy
bags
bah
baird
bait
baiter
baked
bakelite
bakers
balance
balanced
balancing
balconies
balcony
bald
baldly
baldspot
baleful
balefully
balked
ball
ballad
balled
ballet
balloon
balloons
balls
baloney
bam
band
bandage
bandaged
bandages
banded
bandit
bandits
bands
bane
bang
banged
banished
bank
banked
banking
bankruptcies
banks
banner
banning
banquet
banquets
banshees
bar
barbarian
barbarians
barbaric
barbarism
barbarous
barbed
bare
bared
bareheaded
barely
barfield
bargain
bargains
barging
bark
barked
barking
barks
barnacles
barracaded
barracks
barred
barrel
barreled
barrels
barren
barricade
barricaded
barricades
barrier
barriers
barring
barroom
barrrrooooommmmmmm
barry
bars
bartender
bas
basalt
base
baseball
based
basements
bashed
basic
basin
basis
basket
basketball
bastions
batch
bated
bath
bathed
bathing
bathysphere
batons
battalion
batted
battered
batteries
battering
battery
battle
battled
battleground
battlements
battles
battling
bauble
baubles
bay
bayed
bcryll
be
beach
beached
beaches
beacon
bead
beads
beady
beak
beaker
beam
beamed
beams
bear
bearable
beard
bearded
beards
bearers
bearing
bearings
bears
beast
beastial
beastly
beasts
beat
beaten
beating
beats
beautiful
beauty
became
because
beckoned
beckoning
become
becomes
becoming
bed
bedded
bedlam
bedroom
beds
beea
beef
beefy
been
beer
bees
beetles
beez
befoie
before
beforehand
befriended
beg
began
beggar
beggars
begged
beggs
begin
beginning
beginnings
begins
begrudged
begun
behave
behaved
behaves
behaving
behavior
beheld
behind
behold
beholder
bein
being
beings
belatedly
belched
belching
beleaguered
beleagured
belia
belie
belief
beliefs
believe
believed
believes
believing
bell
bellies
belligerently
bellow
bellowed
bellowing
bellowings
bellows
bells
belly
bellyache
belmont
belong
belonged
belonging
belongings
belongs
belore
beloto
beloved
below
belt
belted
belts
bench
benches
bend
bending
bends
beneath
benefit
benevolent
benignly
benson
bent
bentley
beoh
beor
bergen
bermuda
berserk
berth
berths
bery
beryll
beryllium
beside
besides
besiegers
besmeared
bespectacled
bespoke
best
bestow
bestowed
bet
betoken
betokened
betray
betrayed
betraying
better
betterment
between
betwen
bewildered
bewilderedly
bewilderment
beyond
bfor
bi
biceps
bid
bidder
bidding
bide
big
bigger
biggest
biggun
bill
billion
billions
billows
bills
billy
bin
bind
binder
binding
bindsa
bingo
bins
biological
biology
biped
bird
birds
birnie
birth
bisected
bit
bite
biting
bits
bitten
bitter
bitterly
bitterness
bjomsen
bjornsen
blabbed
black
blacked
blackened
blackhulled
blacklisted
blackly
blackmail
blackmailer
blackness
blacks
blade
bladed
blades
blagovitch
blake
blame
blandly
blank
blanket
blanketed
blankets
blankly
blankness
blare
blared
blasphemer
blast
blasted
blaster
blasters
blasting
blastor
blasts
blaze
blazed
blazes
blazing
ble
bleak
bleakly
bleating
bled
bleeding
blend
blended
bless
blessed
blessings
blew
blight
blind
blinded
blinding
blindly
blindness
blinds
blink
blinked
blinker
blinkers
blinking
blister
blistered
blistering
bloated
blob
blobs
block
blockade
blocked
blocking
blocks
blond
blonde
blood
blooded
bloodless
bloodshot
bloodsmeared
bloodstained
bloodsucker
bloodthirsty
bloody
blossomed
blot
blotted
blotter
blotting
blow
blowed
blowing
blown
blows
blubbering
bludgeon
blue
bluely
blueprints
bluest
bluff
bluffed
bluish
blundered
blunt
bluntly
blur
blurred
blurring
blurted
blushed
blustery
bnly
boada
board
boarded
boards
boast
boasted
boasts
boat
boats
boatsman
bob
bobbed
bobbing
bodes
bodies
bodily
body
bodyguard
bog
boil
boiled
bold
boldly
boldness
bole
bolster
bolt
bolted
bolting
bolton
boltons
bolts
bomb
bombarding
bombardment
bombast
bombing
bombs
bon
bond
bonds
bone
boneless
bones
bong
bonny
bonus
bonuses
bony
booby
book
bookcase
booked
bookkeeping
books
boom
boomed
booming
boon
boost
boot
booth
boots
bops
border
bordering
borders
bore
bored
boring
borion
borl
born
borne
borrow
boss
both
bother
bothered
bothering
bottle
bottlenose
bottom
bottomless
bottomlessness
bought
boulder
boulders
boulevards
bounce
bounced
bouncers
bouncing
bound
boundaries
boundary
bounded
bounding
bounds
bouquets
bourdelangs
bow
bowed
bowels
bowing
bowl
bowling
bowls
bows
bowstrings
box
boxer
boxes
boy
boyhood
boyish
boyishly
boyl
boys
bpilt
brace
braced
bracelet
bracing
bracketed
bradley
bragged
braided
brain
brained
brainless
brains
brait
brake
brakes
braking
branch
branched
branches
branching
brandishment
brass
brat
bravado
brave
bravely
bravery
braw
brawn
brawny
brazen
brazier
braziers
brazil
breach
breaches
bread
breadth
break
breakdown
breakfast
breakfasted
breaking
breaks
breakup
breast
breastplate
breasts
breath
breathable
breathe
breatheable
breathed
breather
breathers
breathes
breathing
breathless
breathlessly
bred
breeches
breed
breeding
breeze
breezed
breezes
brent
brethren
brew
brewing
brian
bribery
bribes
brick
bridge
bridged
bridle
brief
briefly
brier
brig
brigades
bright
brightened
brightening
brighter
brightest
brightly
brightness
bril
brilliance
brilliant
brilliantly
brim
bring
bringing
brings
brink
brisk
briskly
bristled
bristles
bristling
britain
brittle
broached
broad
broadcast
broadcasted
broadcasters
broadcasting
broadcasts
broadly
broadway
brogues
broiled
broke
broken
brokenly
brontosaurus
bronze
bronzed
brood
brooded
brooding
broods
broome
brother
brotherhood
brothers
brought
brow
browed
brown
brownish
brows
browsed
bruce
bruise
bruised
bruises
bruising
bruk
brush
brushed
brushing
brusquely
brutal
brutality
brutally
brute
brutes
brutish
bubble
bubbled
bubbles
bubbling
bucaneering
buck
buckboard
bucked
buckets
buckle
buckled
buckles
buckling
bucks
bud
budapest
buddies
buddy
budge
buffeted
buffeting
bug
bugaboos
bugle
bugles
bugs
build
building
buildings
built
bulbous
bulbs
bulge
bulged
bulging
bulk
bulkhead
bulkheads
bulky
bull
bulldog
bullet
bulleted
bulletin
bulletins
bullets
bulls
bullwarks
bullying
bulwark
bulwarks
bum
bump
bumped
bumping
bums
bunch
bundle
bundled
bundles
bungled
bungling
bunk
bunks
buoyancy
buoyed
burch
burchall
burcliall
burden
burdens
bureau
buried
burlesque
burly
burn
burned
burning
burnished
burns
burnt
burst
bursting
bury
burying
bus
bushes
bushy
busied
business
buskins
bust
busted
bustling
busy
busybody
but
butcher
butt
butte
butter
butternut
button
buttoned
buttons
buvier
buy
buying
buzz
buzzed
buzzer
buzzing
bv
by
bye
byron
byways
byzantine
c
ca
cab
cabbage
cabbages
cabby
cabin
cabinet
cabinets
cabins
cable
cables
cacaphony
cackle
cacophony
cactus
cadence
cadmus
caesar
caf
cage
caged
cages
cairie
caked
cal
calculated
calculation
calf
caliber
calibrated
california
calipers
calisto
call
callahan
called
calling
callistan
callistans
callisto
callous
calloused
callousness
callow
calls
calm
calmed
calmly
calrax
calves
calvin
camaraderie
came
camera
cameras
camp
campaign
campbell
camped
can
canada
canal
canals
canceling
canine
canna
canned
cannily
cannnot
cannons
cannot
canoe
canopy
cans
cant
canted
canton
canvas
canyon
cap
capable
capacious
capacity
cape
capek
capeks
capillary
capital
capitalist
capitol
capped
cappy
cappyup
cappyupjohn
caps
capsules
capt
captain
caption
captive
captives
captivity
captor
captors
capture
captured
car
carafe
carbon
carcass
card
cards
care
cared
careened
career
carefree
careful
carefully
careless
caress
caressed
caressing
cargo
cargoes
cargyle
carillon
caring
carium
carlyle
carnage
carnivorous
carolina
caromed
carpet
carpeted
carpley
carriage
carried
carrier
carriers
carries
carrion
carrist
carroll
carrots
carry
carrying
cars
carstairs
cart
carter
carters
carthaginians
cartilage
carton
cartoon
cartridges
carts
carved
carver
carvings
cascade
cascades
case
cased
caseknife
cases
cashbox
cashing
casing
cask
casper
casque
cast
castalyst
castanets
caste
caster
casters
casting
castle
castles
casual
casually
casualty
cat
cata
cataclysm
cataclysmic
catalyst
catapulted
catastrophe
catcalls
catch
catches
catching
category
caterpillar
catfish
cathode
cats
cattle
catwalk
caught
cauldron
caulk
caulking
cause
caused
causes
causing
caustic
caution
cautioned
cautioning
cautionlessness
cautious
cautiously
cavalry
cave
cavelike
cavern
cavernous
caverns
caves
cavote
cease
ceased
ceaseless
ceaselessly
ceasing
ceiled
ceiling
ceilinged
celebrate
celebrations
celestial
cell
cellar
cellophane
cells
cellular
cellulose
cemeteries
cemf
cen
censor
censored
censoring
censorship
cent
centatiri
centauria
centaurian
centaurians
center
centered
centering
centers
centimeters
central
centrifugal
cents
centuries
centurion
century
cerean
cerebral
ceremonial
ceremonially
ceremoniously
ceremony
ceres
certain
certainly
certainty
certificate
certificates
cessation
chaffed
chafing
chain
chained
chains
chainweed
chair
chairman
chairs
chalk
challenge
challenged
chamber
chambers
champion
championship
chance
chanced
chances
change
changed
changes
changing
channel
channels
chant
chanted
chanting
chaos
chap
chapman
chapped
chapter
character
characteristic
characterization
characters
charcoal
charge
charged
charger
charges
charging
chariot
charity
charlatan
charlatanism
charm
charming
charnel
charred
chart
charted
charting
charts
chase
chasing
chasm
chasms
chassis
chastleton
chatted
chatter
chattered
chatting
cheap
check
checked
checkered
checking
checks
cheek
cheeks
cheer
cheered
cheerful
cheerfully
cheerfulness
cheerily
cheering
cheerio
cheers
cheese
chemical
chemically
chemicals
chemist
chemistry
chemists
cheops
cher
cherish
cherished
cherishing
chest
chester
chests
chet
chew
chewed
chewing
chicago
chicon
chided
chief
chiefly
chiefpilot
chiefs
chieftain
child
childhood
childish
children
chill
chilling
chills
chilly
chimed
chimes
chiming
chin
china
chinese
chinks
chins
chipped
chipping
chiseled
chiseler
chiseller
chlorine
chocolate
choice
choices
choked
choking
choleric
chomby
choose
choosing
chopped
chord
chorus
chorused
chose
chosen
chotan
christian
christmas
chrome
chromium
chronometer
chubby
chuckle
chuckled
chugged
chums
chunk
chunks
chunky
church
churches
churning
cicatrice
cigar
cigarette
cigarettes
cigars
cil
cimply
cinch
cincy
cine
cinema
circle
circled
circles
circlet
circlets
circling
circuit
circuited
circuits
circular
circulated
circulating
circulation
circumduction
circumference
circumstance
circumstances
circus
citadel
cities
citizen
citizens
cits
city
civil
civilian
civilians
civilization
civilizations
civilized
clad
claim
claimed
claims
clambered
clambering
clammy
clamor
clamored
clamoring
clamp
clamped
clamping
clang
clanged
clanging
clangor
clangorous
clanicing
clank
clanked
clanking
clap
clapped
claps
clarified
clarify
clarity
clash
clashed
clashing
clasp
clasped
class
classed
classes
classification
classified
classify
clatter
clattered
clattering
claw
clawed
clawing
clawred
claws
clay
clean
cleaned
cleanly
clear
cleared
clearer
clearing
clearly
clearness
clenched
clenching
clerk
clermont
clever
cleverly
cleverness
cliarged
click
clicked
clicking
clicks
cliff
cliffdwellers
cliffs
climate
climates
climax
climb
climbed
climbers
climbing
clinch
clinched
cling
clinging
clinking
clip
clipped
cloak
cloaked
cloaks
clock
closana
close
closed
closely
closer
closet
closing
cloth
clothed
clothes
clothesmen
clothing
cloths
clotted
cloud
cloudbanks
clouded
cloudless
clouds
cloudy
clove
cloven
club
clubs
clucking
clue
clues
clump
clumps
clumsily
clumsy
clung
cluster
clustered
clustering
clusters
clutch
clutched
clutching
co
coached
coal
coalesced
coarse
coast
coastal
coastline
coat
coated
coats
cobblestones
cobwebs
cocked
cocking
cockroaches
code
coffee
coffin
coffinshaped
cogitation
cohesion
coil
coiled
coils
coin
coincided
coincidence
coincidences
coincidental
coining
col
cold
colder
coldly
coldness
collapse
collapsed
collar
colleagues
collect
collected
collecting
collection
collector
college
colleges
collided
collision
collisions
colonel
colonists
colonization
colonized
colonnade
colony
color
colored
colorful
coloring
colorless
colors
colossal
colossus
colton
columbus
column
columns
coma
comb
combat
combatants
combination
combined
come
comedy
comer
comes
comet
comets
comfort
comfortable
comfortably
coming
command
commandant
commanded
commandeer
commandeered
commander
commanders
commanding
commands
commas
commenced
commences
commendably
commending
comment
commentary
commented
commerce
commercial
commissionary
committed
commodious
commodities
common
commonplace
commotion
communal
communicate
communicated
communicating
communication
communications
communicator
community
compact
companies
companion
companions
companionship
companionway
company
comparative
comparatively
compare
compared
comparison
compartment
compartments
compass
compasses
compassion
compassionate
compelled
compensated
compensating
compensations
competition
competitor
compile
complain
complained
complaint
complete
completed
completely
completing
complex
complexion
complexioned
complicated
complications
complied
complimented
component
compose
composed
composedly
composite
composition
compound
compounded
compounds
comprehend
comprehending
comprehensible
comprehension
comprehensive
compress
compressed
compressing
compressor
compromised
compunction
computation
computed
comrade
comrades
con
conceal
concealed
concealing
concealment
concede
conceit
conceivable
conceive
conceived
concentrate
concentrated
concentrates
concentration
concept
conception
concern
concerned
concernedly
concerning
concerted
concertedly
conclave
conclude
concluded
concludes
conclusion
conclusions
concrete
concussion
condemn
condemnation
condemned
condensed
condenser
condensing
condescending
condescension
condition
conditioned
conditioners
conditioning
conditions
condolences
conduct
conducted
conductor
cone
cones
confederacy
confederate
confederated
confederates
confederation
conference
conferred
confess
confessed
confided
confidence
confidences
confident
confidential
confidently
confiding
confine
confined
confinement
confirm
confirmed
confirming
conflict
conflicting
conforms
confronting
confused
confusedly
confusion
congealed
congested
congratulate
congratulating
congratulations
conical
conjured
connect
connected
connecticut
connecting
connection
connections
connectives
conover
conquer
conquered
conquerers
conquering
conquerors
conquest
conquests
conscience
conscious
consciousness
consent
consequences
consequent
consequently
conserve
conserved
consider
considerable
considerably
consideration
considered
considering
consist
consisted
consistent
consistently
consolation
consoled
consolidated
consort
consorting
conspicuous
conspiracy
conspirators
conspiring
constant
constantly
consternation
constituted
constitution
constriction
construct
constructed
construction
constructive
consul
consulate
consulted
consumed
consumes
consuming
consumption
contact
contacted
contacts
contagion
contain
contained
container
containers
containing
contemplated
contemplation
contempt
contemptuous
contemptuously
content
contentedly
contenting
contention
contents
continent
continents
continual
continually
continue
continued
continues
continuous
continuously
contorted
contortion
contours
contract
contracted
contractile
contracts
contraption
contrary
contrast
contrasted
contratcile
contributes
contrition
contrivance
contrivances
contrive
contrived
contriving
control
controlled
controlling
controls
convenience
convenient
conveniently
convention
conventions
converge
converged
converging
conversation
conversations
converse
conversing
conversions
convert
converted
converters
convertor
converts
convey
conveyance
conveyed
convict
convicted
conviction
convince
convinced
convincing
convolutions
convoy
convulsions
convulsive
convulsively
cook
cooking
cooks
cool
cooled
cooling
coop
cooperate
coordinated
coordination
cop
cope
copernicus
copia
coping
copper
coppery
cops
copter
copy
copyrighted
coquetry
coral
cord
cordatus
corded
cordiality
cordially
cords
core
corfu
cork
corner
cornered
corners
cornflower
cornice
corniced
cornices
corona
coropora
corporation
corpse
corpselike
corral
correct
corrected
corrective
corresponded
corresponding
corridor
corridors
corroborating
corroded
corroding
corrosion
corrugated
corruption
coruscating
cosmic
cosmos
cost
costly
costs
costume
costumes
cosy
cot
cots
cottage
cottages
cotton
cottony
couch
couched
coud
cough
coughed
coughing
could
couldn
council
councils
counselors
count
counted
countenance
countenances
counter
counteraction
counteractive
counterbalances
countered
counterfeit
counterfeited
counterpane
counterpart
counting
countless
countries
country
countrymen
countryside
counts
couple
coupled
courage
courageous
course
court
courtesy
courtier
courtiers
courtyard
cousin
cove
cover
covered
covering
coverings
coverlet
covers
coveted
cow
coward
cowardice
cowards
cowboy
cowboys
cowed
cowered
cowering
cowl
cowled
cows
cox
coy
crabs
crack
cracked
cracking
crackle
crackled
crackling
cracks
cradle
cradled
cradles
craft
crafts
crafty
crag
craggy
crags
cramped
craned
cranford
craning
cranium
crash
crashed
crashes
crashing
crate
crater
craters
crates
craved
craven
crawl
crawled
crawling
crazed
crazily
crazy
creak
creaked
creaking
cream
creamy
creased
creases
create
created
creating
creation
creative
creature
creatures
credit
creed
creek
creep
creepers
creeping
creeps
cremated
crept
crescendo
crescent
crest
crests
crevice
crevices
crew
crews
cried
cries
crime
crimes
crimetracking
criminal
criminals
crimson
crimsoned
cringe
cringed
cringing
crinkle
crinkled
crinkles
cripes
crippled
crises
crisis
crisp
crispin
crisply
criss
critanium
critic
critical
critically
criticisms
criticize
critn
cro
croaked
croaking
cronies
crook
crooked
crookedly
crooning
crop
crops
cross
crossed
crosser
crossing
crosswalks
crosswise
crouched
crouching
crowd
crowded
crowding
crowds
crown
crowned
crucible
crude
crudely
cruder
cruel
cruelty
cruise
cruised
cruiser
cruisers
cruising
crumble
crumbled
crumbling
crumpled
crumpling
crunch
crunched
crush
crushed
crushing
crusoe
crust
crusted
crusts
cry
crying
cryptic
crystal
crystalline
crystals
cub
cubbies
cubby
cube
cubic
cubicle
cubs
cuckoldry
cuddled
cudgeled
cue
cuffed
cuffs
culminating
culprits
cultivated
cultivation
cultural
culturally
culture
cultured
cultures
cum
cumbersome
cummings
cunning
cup
cupboard
cupidity
cupped
cups
curator
curb
curdling
cure
cured
curiosity
curious
curiously
curl
curled
curling
curls
curly
current
currents
curry
curse
cursed
curses
cursing
curt
curtain
curtained
curtains
curtis
curtly
curve
curved
curves
curving
cushion
cushioned
cushions
custom
customary
customers
customs
cut
cutter
cutters
cutthroats
cutting
cycle
cycloidal
cyclopean
cyclops
cylinder
cylinders
cylindrical
cynical
cynically
d
dabbled
dad
dagger
daggered
daily
dais
daiv
dakta
dam
damage
damaged
damaging
dammit
damn
damnable
damnably
damnation
damnbut
damned
damnedest
damning
damp
dance
danced
dancing
dandified
danger
dangerous
dangerously
dangers
danging
dangled
dangling
dank
dans
dante
dapper
dare
dared
dares
daresay
daring
darius
dark
darken
darkened
darkening
darker
darkhaired
darkling
darkly
darkness
darkside
darling
daro
dart
darted
darting
daryeb
dash
dashed
dashing
data
date
dated
dates
datus
daugerous
daughter
davidson
dawn
dawned
dawning
day
daylight
daylights
days
daytime
daze
dazed
dazedly
dazzled
dazzling
de
dead
deadening
deadens
deader
deadline
deadliness
deadlocked
deadly
deady
deaf
deafened
deafening
deafeningly
deal
dealing
dealt
dear
dearest
dearly
death
deathless
deathly
deaths
debacle
debased
debris
debt
decadent
deceit
deceive
deceived
deceiving
deceleration
december
decent
deceptive
decide
decided
decidedly
decimar
decimars
decipher
decision
decisions
decisive
decisively
deck
decka
decked
deckhand
deckhands
decks
declare
declared
declaring
decline
declivity
decode
decompose
decomposition
decorate
decorated
decoration
decorative
decoy
decoyed
decrease
decreasing
decreed
decrees
decrepit
decuria
decurion
deeds
deep
deepened
deeper
deepest
deeply
deepset
deez
defeat
defeated
defect
defences
defend
defenders
defending
defense
defiance
defiant
defiantly
defied
define
defined
definite
definitely
deflated
deflating
deflecting
deformed
deftly
deftness
degenerate
degree
degrees
deity
dejection
delay
delayed
delays
delectation
delegates
delegation
deliberate
deliberately
deliberation
delicacies
delicacy
delicate
delicately
delicious
delight
delighted
delightedly
deliriously
delirium
deliver
deliverance
delivered
deltoids
deluge
deluged
demand
demanded
demanding
demands
demean
demise
demolishing
demon
demoniac
demons
demonstrate
demonstrated
demote
demotion
demurely
demurred
den
denebola
denied
denizen
denizens
denominations
denoted
denoting
denouement
dens
dense
denser
densities
density
dent
dented
denvention
denver
deny
depart
departed
departing
department
departments
departs
departure
depend
depended
depending
depends
depleted
depleting
deployed
deposit
deposits
depots
deprecatingly
depressed
depressing
depression
deprive
depth
depths
deranged
derbies
derby
derelict
derelicts
deridingly
derision
derisive
derisively
derived
des
descend
descendant
descendants
descended
descending
descent
describe
described
describing
description
descriptions
desert
deserted
deserts
deserved
design
designated
designating
designed
designers
designs
desirable
desire
desired
desires
desk
desks
desolate
desolation
despair
despaired
despairing
despairingly
desperate
desperately
desperation
despised
despite
despoiler
despondency
despondently
dessicated
destination
destined
destiny
destroy
destroyed
destroying
destroys
destruction
detached
detachment
detachments
detail
detailed
details
detatched
detect
detected
detection
detective
detectives
detector
detention
deteriorate
deteriorated
determination
determine
determined
detested
detonation
detonations
detonators
detour
detraction
detroy
devastate
devastated
devastating
develop
developed
developes
developing
development
device
devices
devil
devilish
devilment
devils
deviltry
devine
devise
devoid
devolves
devoted
devoting
devotion
devouring
devries
dexterity
di
diabolic
diabolical
diabolically
diagonally
diagrams
dial
dialect
dialing
dials
diamagnetic
diameter
diamond
diamonds
diana
diatribe
dice
dictate
dictating
dictator
did
didn
didst
die
died
dies
diesel
diesels
dieticians
differed
difference
differences
different
differently
differing
difficult
difficulties
difficulty
diffuse
diffused
diffusing
diffusion
dig
digest
digesting
diggers
digging
dignified
dignity
dilated
dilating
dim
dime
dimension
dimensional
dimensions
dimes
diminish
diminished
diminishing
diminutive
dimly
dimmed
dimming
dimness
dimples
din
dine
dingy
dining
dinner
dinosaur
dint
dioxide
dip
diphones
diplomacy
diplomat
diplomats
dipper
direct
directed
directing
direction
directions
directly
director
directs
dirk
dirt
dirty
dis
disable
disappear
disappearance
disappearances
disappeared
disappearing
disappointed
disappointing
disappointment
disapprovingly
disarm
disaster
disasters
disastrous
disavow
disbelieve
disc
discarded
discarding
discharge
discharged
discharger
discharges
discharging
discipline
disclose
disclosed
disclosing
discolored
discomfort
disconnect
disconnects
discontent
discord
discordance
discordant
discouraged
discover
discovered
discoveries
discovering
discovery
discredited
discreetly
discriminating
discs
discuss
discussed
discussing
discussion
discussions
disdain
disdainful
disease
diseased
disembarking
disembodiment
disengage
disengaged
disgorged
disgrace
disgraced
disguise
disguised
disguises
disgust
dish
disheartened
dishes
disheveled
dishonesty
disillusioned
disinclined
disinfectant
disintegrated
disintegrating
disintegration
disintegrator
disinterest
disjointed
disk
disks
dislike
disliked
dislikes
dislodge
dislodged
dismal
dismay
dismembered
dismiss
dismissal
dismissed
dismounted
disobedience
disobeyed
disorder
disorganized
dispair
dispatch
dispelled
dispense
dispersed
dispersing
displaced
displacement
display
displayed
displaying
displeased
disposal
dispose
disposed
disposing
dispositions
disproved
disputed
disquieting
disregard
disrespect
disrupted
disrupts
dissatisfied
dissect
dissecting
dissent
dissipated
dissipating
dissolute
dissolve
dissolved
dissolving
distance
distanced
distances
distant
distantly
distaste
distastefully
distended
distinct
distinctiveness
distinctly
distinguished
distinguishing
distorted
distracted
distractions
distress
distressed
district
distrust
disturbance
disturbed
disturbing
disturbs
ditches
ditto
divan
divans
dive
dived
diver
divers
diverse
diversions
diverted
dives
divide
divided
dividers
divides
diving
divining
division
divisions
divorced
divulge
dizzily
dizzy
dizzying
djmamon
dnd
do
doc
docile
docilely
docilly
dock
doctor
doctors
documents
dodge
dodged
dodging
does
doesn
doesnt
doffed
dog
dogged
doggedly
dogmatic
dogs
doing
dole
doled
doling
doll
dollar
dollars
dolphin
dolphins
dolt
domain
dome
domed
domelike
domes
dominant
dominate
dominated
dominating
domination
domnei
don
done
donei
dong
donned
donning
dont
doodads
doom
doomed
door
doorman
doorpane
doors
doorsteps
doorway
doorways
dope
dormant
dormitories
dorsal
dose
doses
dot
dots
dotted
dou
double
doubled
doubles
doubling
doubly
doubt
doubted
doubtful
doubtfully
doubtless
doubts
dough
doughty
dousing
dove
dow
down
downhill
downright
downstairs
downthat
downtown
downward
downwards
downwind
downy
doze
dozed
dozen
dozens
dozing
dr
draft
drag
dragged
dragging
dragon
dragons
drain
drainage
drained
draining
drama
dramatic
dramatically
drank
draped
drapers
draw
drawer
drawing
drawings
drawled
drawn
draws
dread
dreaded
dreadful
dreadfully
dreads
dream
dreamed
dreamer
dreamily
dreaming
dreamland
dreamlessly
dreams
drenched
drenching
dress
dressed
dresses
dressing
drew
dribbled
dribbling
dried
drift
drifted
drifter
drifting
drifts
drill
drilled
drills
drink
drinkable
drinkin
drinking
drinks
dripped
dripping
drive
driven
driver
drives
driving
drone
droned
droning
drooped
drooping
drop
dropped
dropping
drops
drove
droves
drown
drowned
drowning
drowsed
drowsily
drowsing
drowsy
drug
drugged
drugging
drugs
drum
drummed
drummer
drumming
drums
drunk
drunken
dry
drying
dryly
dual
dubiously
dubs
duck
ducked
duct
due
duel
duet
dug
dull
dulled
dullish
dully
dumb
dumbfounded
dumbly
dumbstruck
dump
dumped
dumps
dun
dungeon
dungeons
dunno
dupe
duplicate
duplicated
duplicates
duplicating
dura
duralite
duration
duress
during
durk
duro
dusk
dust
dustan
dusty
duties
duty
dwarf
dwarfed
dwarfling
dwarflings
dwarfs
dwell
dwelling
dwelt
dwindle
dwindled
dwindling
dye
dyestuffs
dying
dynamic
dynamiting
dynamo
dynamon
dynamos
dynes
each
eager
eagerly
eagerness
eagle
eagled
eando
ear
eardrums
earl
earlier
earlter
early
earnest
earnestly
earnestness
earphone
earphones
ears
earth
earthian
earthians
earthlight
earthling
earthlings
earthly
earthman
earthmen
earthnorm
earthpeople
earthquakes
earthward
earthwoman
earthworms
earthy
ease
eased
easier
easily
east
easterly
eastern
eastward
easy
eat
eaten
eaters
eats
eavesdroping
eavesdropper
eavesdroppers
eavesdropping
ebbs
eccentric
eccentricities
echelon
echo
echoed
echoes
echoing
echoingly
eclipse
eclipsed
ecliptic
ecstasy
ed
eddy
eddying
eden
edge
edged
edges
edible
edifice
edifices
edison
edit
edition
editor
editore
editors
edmond
educated
education
edwards
een
eerie
eery
effect
effected
effective
effectively
effects
effete
efficacious
efficacy
efficiency
efficient
efficiently
effort
efforts
effulgence
effulgent
eftlay
egg
ego
egos
egress
egyptian
eh
eight
eighteen
eighth
eightieth
eighty
einstein
either
ejaculated
ekse
elaborate
elaborately
elapsed
elastic
elated
elath
elbow
elbowed
elbows
elder
elderly
elders
electric
electrical
electrically
electrician
electricity
electro
electrodes
electrolysis
electromotive
electronic
electronoscope
electrophones
electrophysiological
electrosonic
element
elemental
elementary
elements
elephantine
elephants
elevated
elevator
elevators
eleven
eleventh
elf
elfin
eligible
eliminate
elizabeth
ellen
elmos
elongated
eloquent
else
elsewhere
elucidate
elude
eluded
elusive
em
emanate
emanated
emanates
emanating
embankment
embark
embarked
embarrassed
embarrassing
embarrassment
embassy
embattled
embedded
emblazoned
embodiment
embrace
embraced
embroiled
emerald
emerge
emerged
emergencies
emergency
emerging
eminent
emitted
emitting
emotion
emotionless
emotionlessly
emotions
emperor
emphasis
emphasize
emphasizing
emphatically
empire
empires
employ
employees
employer
employing
employs
emporer
empress
emptied
empties
emptiness
empty
emptying
enable
enabled
enacted
encased
enchanted
enchantment
encircled
encircling
enclosed
enclosure
enclosures
encompassing
encore
encounter
encountered
encountering
encourage
encouraged
encouragement
encouraging
end
endearing
endeavor
endeavoring
ended
ending
endless
endlessly
ends
endurance
endure
endured
enemies
enemy
energies
energy
enervating
enforce
enforced
engaged
engagement
engendered
engine
engineer
engineered
engineering
engineers
engines
england
english
engraved
engrossed
engrossing
engulfed
enhanced
enigmas
enigmatic
enjoy
enjoyable
enjoyed
enjoying
enjoyment
enlarge
enlarged
enlarging
enlightened
enlon
enlongated
enmity
enormous
enormously
enough
enow
enraged
enrichment
enshrouded
ensie
ensign
ensigns
enslaved
entangled
enter
entered
entering
enterprise
enterprize
entertain
entertained
entertaining
entertainment
enthralling
enthused
enthusiasm
enthusiastic
enthusiastically
enticing
entire
entirely
entirety
entitled
entity
entombed
entrance
entranced
entrances
entrancing
entreating
entreaty
entry
entwined
enunciating
envelop
envelope
enveloped
enveloping
environment
envisage
envisaged
eons
epic
epidemic
episode
epistle
equably
equal
equalize
equally
equals
equations
equator
equilibrium
equip
equipment
equipped
equivalent
er
era
eradicate
erased
erative
ere
erect
erected
erecting
erentz
ereptz
eroded
eron
err
errand
error
errors
ers
erstwhile
erupt
erupted
escape
escaped
escaping
escort
escorted
escorting
eskoes
especial
especially
esperanto
essay
essence
essential
essentially
esta
established
establishing
establishment
estate
esteemed
estimate
estimated
estuary
etc
etched
eternal
eternally
eternities
eternity
ether
ethereal
ethereally
ethergram
etheric
ethnology
europa
european
eus
evade
evading
evaporated
evasively
even
evening
evenings
evenly
event
events
eventual
eventualities
eventually
evenutally
ever
everlastingly
evermore
every
everybody
everyone
everything
everywhere
eves
evidence
evidences
evident
evidently
evil
evoked
evolution
evolve
evolved
ex
exact
exacting
exactly
exaggerated
examination
examine
examined
examining
example
exasperation
excavating
excavation
excavations
exceeding
exceedingly
excellent
except
exception
exceptionally
excess
excessive
exchanged
excitable
excited
excitedly
excitement
exciting
exclaimed
exclamation
excluding
exclusion
exclusively
excruciatingly
excuse
excused
execute
executed
execution
executioner
exercise
exercised
exercises
exertion
exertions
exhaust
exhausted
exhaustion
exhaustive
exhibit
exhibiting
exhibition
exhilarating
exhilerating
exhortations
exhuberant
exile
exiled
exiles
exist
existed
existence
existences
existent
existing
exists
exit
exits
exodus
expand
expanded
expanding
expanse
expansion
expect
expectancy
expectant
expectation
expected
expecting
expedition
expeditionary
expeditions
expended
expense
experience
experienced
experiencing
experiment
experimental
experimentally
experimenting
experiments
expert
expiring
explain
explained
explaining
explains
explanation
explicitly
explode
exploded
exploding
exploit
exploited
exploiting
exploration
explorative
exploratory
explore
explored
explorer
explorers
exploring
explosion
explosions
explosive
explosives
exports
expose
exposed
exposing
expostulated
exposure
exposures
express
expressed
expression
expressionless
expressions
expressive
expressively
expunge
exquisite
exquisitely
extend
extended
extending
extension
extent
exterior
exterminate
external
extinct
extinction
extinguished
extortion
extortioners
extortionists
extra
extract
extracted
extracting
extraction
extraneous
extraordinary
extreme
extremely
exuberance
exultance
exultantly
exultation
exulted
exulting
eye
eyeballs
eyebrow
eyebrows
eyed
eyeful
eyeing
eyeless
eyelets
eyelids
eyes
eying
f
fabeloj
fabled
fabric
fabrics
fabulous
fabulously
facade
face
faced
faces
facial
facilities
facing
fact
factor
factories
factory
facts
fade
faded
fades
fading
faggots
fahrenheit
fail
failed
failing
fails
failure
failures
faint
fainted
fainter
faintest
fainting
faintly
faints
fair
fairly
faith
faithfully
faithless
fake
faker
falcons
fall
fallen
faller
falling
falls
false
falsehood
falseness
faltered
fame
famed
familiar
familiarity
families
family
famous
fan
fanatic
fancied
fancier
fancy
fanfare
fang
fangs
fanned
fans
fantastic
fantastically
fantasy
far
farce
fare
fared
farewell
farley
farmer
farmers
farms
farther
farthest
fascinated
fascinatedly
fascinates
fascination
fashion
fashionable
fashioned
fast
fastened
fastening
faster
fastest
fasting
fat
fatal
fatalistic
fatally
fate
fated
fateful
father
fathers
fathom
fathoms
fatigue
fator
fatuous
faucet
faucets
faugh
fault
faultless
faults
faulty
faun
fauna
favor
favored
favorite
favorites
favors
fawcette
fawn
fawned
fawning
fazed
fealty
fear
feared
fearful
fearfully
fearing
fearlessly
fearlessness
fears
fearsome
feat
feather
feathered
featherweight
feathery
feature
featured
featureless
features
featuring
febrile
february
feckless
fed
federal
federation
fee
feeble
feebly
feed
feeding
feeds
feel
feeler
feelers
feeling
feelingly
feelings
feels
feet
feigned
feigning
fell
fella
fellas
felled
feller
fellow
fellows
fellowship
felt
female
feminine
femme
fenced
fences
fencing
fern
ferns
ferocious
ferociousness
ferret
ferrok
fertile
fertilization
fervently
festered
festering
festival
fetch
fettered
fettering
feuds
fever
feverish
feverishly
few
fewer
fewr
fiasco
fiat
fiber
fibrous
fickle
fiction
fictional
fidelity
fidgeted
field
fields
fiend
fiendishly
fierce
fiercely
fiery
fiesh
fifteen
fifth
fiftieth
fifty
fight
fighter
fighters
fightin
fighting
figment
figure
figured
figures
figuring
file
filed
files
filing
filings
fill
filled
filling
film
filming
films
filmy
filter
filterable
filtered
filtering
filters
filth
filthy
fin
final
finale
finality
finally
finaly
finance
financed
financial
financiers
financing
find
finding
findings
fine
finely
finest
finger
fingered
fingering
fingernails
fingerprints
fingers
fingertips
finish
finished
finishing
finlay
finny
fins
fire
firearm
fired
fireflies
firelight
fireplace
fires
fireworks
firing
firm
firmament
firmer
firmly
first
fish
fished
fishes
fishing
fishy
fissure
fist
fistful
fists
fit
fitfully
fits
fitted
fitting
fittings
fitzpatrick
five
fix
fixation
fixations
fixed
fixedly
fixing
fixity
flabby
flack
flag
flagrant
flagship
flail
flailed
flailing
flair
flaked
flakes
flaky
flame
flamed
flamegun
flames
flaming
flange
flank
flanked
flanks
flapped
flared
flaring
flash
flashed
flashes
flashing
flashingly
flashlamps
flashlight
flashlights
flask
flat
flatly
flats
flatten
flattened
flattening
flatter
flattered
flaw
flawless
flaws
flaxen
flay
flayers
flea
flecked
fled
flee
fleeing
fleet
fleeting
fleets
flesh
fleshless
fleshy
flew
flexible
flick
flicked
flicker
flickered
flickering
flickers
flicking
flier
flies
flight
flights
flimsy
flinched
fling
flinging
flint
flinty
flip
flipped
flippers
flips
flitted
flitting
float
floated
floating
flock
flocking
flood
flooded
flooding
floodlights
floods
floor
floored
flooring
floors
flop
flopped
flora
florida
flotilla
floundered
floundering
flour
flourescent
flourish
flourishing
flouro
flourobeam
flow
flowed
flower
flowered
flowerless
flowers
flowing
fluent
fluid
fluidly
fluids
fluke
flung
fluorescent
fluorine
flurry
flush
flushed
flutes
fluttering
flux
fly
flyers
flying
fo
foam
foaming
focus
focused
focusing
foe
foes
foesl
fog
fogs
foibles
fojak
fold
folded
folder
folding
folds
foliage
folk
folks
follies
follow
followed
followers
following
fond
fondly
food
foods
foodstuffs
fool
foolhardy
fooling
foolish
foolishly
foolishness
fools
foot
football
footed
footer
footfalls
foothills
foothold
footlights
footprints
footsteps
foppish
for
forbears
forbid
forbidden
force
forced
forceful
forcefully
forces
forcibly
forcing
forded
fore
forearm
foreboding
foredeck
forefinger
forefront
forehead
foreheads
foreign
foremost
foresee
forest
forests
forever
forfeit
forg
forge
forged
forges
forget
forgetful
forgetfulness
forgetting
forgive
forgiveness
forgot
forgotten
forgotting
forked
forlorn
forlornness
form
formal
formalities
formality
formalized
formation
formations
formed
former
formidable
forming
formless
forms
formula
formulae
formulas
formulated
formulation
forsaken
forswear
fort
forth
fortifications
forts
fortunate
fortunately
fortune
forty
forum
forward
fossils
fough
fought
foul
found
foundation
foundations
founded
founder
foundry
foundryman
fountain
fountains
four
fourlegged
fourteen
fourth
fowl
fraction
fractional
fractiousness
fragile
fragment
fragments
fragrant
fragrantly
fraid
frail
frame
framed
framing
franc
francs
frank
frankly
frantic
frantically
fraternizing
fraught
frawley
fray
frayed
frazzle
freak
freaks
freckled
fred
frederick
fredric
free
freed
freedom
freeing
freely
freeze
freezes
freezing
freight
freighted
freighter
freighting
french
frenzy
frequency
frequent
frequented
frequently
fresh
fresher
freshly
fretfully
fretfulness
freye
friade
friction
fried
friend
friendliness
friendly
friends
friendship
frieze
fright
frighten
frightened
frightening
frightful
frightfully
frigid
fringe
fringes
frisked
fro
from
frond
front
fronted
frontier
frontiers
fronting
frost
frostbite
frostily
frosty
froth
frothy
frown
frowned
frowning
froze
frozen
frquencies
fruit
fruits
frustration
fry
frye
fu
fuel
fugitive
fugitives
fulfilled
fulfilment
full
fullest
fullness
fully
fulton
fum
fumbled
fumbling
fumed
fumes
fun
function
functioning
fund
fundamental
fundamentally
fundamentals
funeral
fungi
fungus
funnel
funnier
funniest
funny
fur
furious
furiously
furnaces
furnished
furnishings
furniture
furred
furrowed
furrows
furry
furs
further
furthermore
furtive
furtively
fury
fused
fusing
fuss
fusty
futile
futilely
futility
future
futures
futurity
fuzz
fuzzy
fyd
fyre
g
gabbling
gabled
gadget
gadgets
gag
gags
gaiety
gain
gained
gaining
gait
gal
galactic
galaxies
gale
gallant
gallantly
gallantry
galleons
gallery
galley
gallon
gallons
galloping
gallows
gals
gamble
gambling
game
games
gamma
gang
gangster
gangway
ganyme
ganymedan
ganymedans
ganymede
ganymedean
ganymedian
ganymedians
gap
gaped
gaping
gaps
garb
garbage
garbed
garbled
gard
garden
gardens
gareth
gargoyle
garled
garment
garments
garrison
garrisons
gas
gases
gasl
gasoline
gasp
gasped
gasping
gaspingly
gasps
gate
gated
gates
gateway
gathered
gathering
gatling
gauge
gauged
gauges
gaunt
gauntlets
gauntly
gauze
gave
gavel
gawaine
gay
gayly
gaze
gazed
gazes
gazing
gear
gears
geedah
geedeh
geese
geistfactor
gelatinous
gems
gen
general
generally
generate
generating
generation
generations
generator
generators
generosity
generous
genial
genius
genoese
gentle
gentleman
gentlemannnnnnnn
gentlemen
gentleness
gently
gents
genuine
geographer
geologist
geometric
georg
george
gerald
geree
germ
germs
gernsback
gerry
gesticulating
gesture
gestured
gesturing
get
gets
gettin
getting
gfoing
gharza
ghastly
ghost
ghostly
ghosts
ghoulish
giant
giants
gibbering
gibed
gibson
giddiness
giff
gifford
gift
gigantic
giggle
gilded
gillingwater
gills
gilt
gimme
gingerly
girders
girdle
giri
girl
girlish
girls
girth
give
given
gives
giving
glacier
glad
glades
gladiator
gladness
gladney
glance
glanced
glances
glancing
gland
glare
glared
glaring
glass
glassed
glasses
glassite
glassless
glassy
glaucous
glazed
glazing
gleam
gleamed
gleaming
gleams
gleefully
glen
glide
glided
gliding
glimmer
glimmering
glimpse
glimpsed
glint
glinted
glinting
glints
glistened
glistening
glittered
glittering
gloat
gloating
gloatingly
globe
globeheaded
globes
globose
globular
gloom
gloomily
gloomy
gloried
glorious
gloriously
glory
glossy
glotz
glove
gloved
glow
glowed
glowered
glowering
glowing
glucose
glued
glumly
gnarled
gnashing
gnats
gnawing
gnome
gnomelike
gnomes
gnonle
go
goal
goals
goat
goblet
goblets
gobs
god
goddard
goddess
godi
gods
godship
goes
goggling
goin
going
goitrous
gold
golden
goldenhaired
goldsmith
golf
gone
goner
gong
gonna
good
goodenow
goodness
goodnight
goods
goof
gool
goooooooosssss
gooroo
goose
gor
gordon
gore
gorge
gorgeous
gorges
gorilla
gorton
gorts
gory
gosh
gossamer
gossiping
got
gotta
gotten
gouge
gouged
gouging
governed
governess
governing
government
governmental
governments
governmentv
governor
governors
governs
gown
grab
grabbed
grace
graceful
gracious
grade
gradually
graduated
graduates
grafts
grains
gral
gram
grams
grand
granddaughter
grandeur
grandiloquent
grandma
grandstand
granite
granted
grape
grapes
grapheers
graphite
grappa
grappled
grappling
grasp
grasped
grasps
grass
grassy
grated
grateful
gratefully
gratified
gratifying
grating
gratings
gratitude
grave
gravel
gravely
graven
graves
gravitation
gravitational
gravities
gravity
gray
graybeards
grayed
graying
grayish
grayness
grazed
grazing
grease
greaseball
greasy
great
greater
greatest
greatly
greatness
greaves
grebhar
grecian
greed
greedily
greedy
green
greenish
greet
greeted
greeting
greetings
greets
gregg
grew
grewsome
grey
greys
grid
grief
grille
grim
grimace
grimaced
grimly
grimmer
grimness
grimy
grin
grind
grinding
grinned
grinning
grins
grip
gripped
gripping
grisly
gristle
gristly
grit
gritted
grizzled
grizzly
groan
groaned
groaning
groff
groggily
groin
groomed
groove
grooves
grope
groped
groping
gross
grotesque
grotesquely
grottos
grouchy
ground
grounded
grounds
groundward
groundwork
group
grouped
groups
groveling
grow
growing
growl
growled
growling
grown
grows
growth
growths
grricqua
grub
grubby
grudge
grudgingly
grueling
gruelling
gruesome
gruesomely
gruffed
grumbled
grumbling
grunt
grunted
grunts
gtid
guarantee
guarantees
guard
guarded
guardian
guarding
guardroom
guards
guenevere
guerilla
guerrilla
guess
guessed
guesses
guessing
guesswork
guest
guests
guffaws
guide
guided
guides
guiding
guilt
guiltily
guilty
guinea
gulf
gullies
gulliver
gully
gulp
gulped
gulping
gulps
gum
gummed
gums
gun
gunmen
gunnery
guns
gunslinging
gup
gurgle
gurgling
gushed
gushing
gust
gusted
gusting
guts
gutter
guttering
gutters
guttural
gutturally
gutturals
gux
guy
guys
gyla
gymnastic
gypsum
h
h2o
ha
habit
habitable
habitation
habits
habitual
hack
hacked
hacking
had
hades
hadheard
hadn
hadnt
haggard
hah
hail
hailed
hailing
hair
haircut
haired
hairless
hairpin
hairs
hairy
half
halfback
halfsmile
halftomb
halfway
hall
hallam
hallmeyer
hallo
halls
hallucination
haloed
halt
halted
halting
haltingly
hamilton
hamlets
hamlike
hammer
hammered
hammering
hammers
hammock
hammocks
hamper
hand
handbill
handcuffs
handed
handful
handguns
handicap
handicapped
handicaps
handicraft
handing
handiwork
handle
handled
handles
handling
handpicked
handrail
hands
handshake
handsome
handsomest
handy
hang
hangar
hanging
hangout
hap
haphazard
hapless
happen
happened
happening
happenings
happens
happier
happily
happiness
happy
hara
harass
harassed
harbored
harboring
hard
hardened
harder
hardest
hardier
hardly
hardness
hardships
hardwood
hare
harg
hark
harl
harley
harlot
harlots
harm
harmed
harmless
harmlessly
harmonica
harness
harnessed
harool
harrell
harried
harry
harsh
harsher
harshly
harshness
harvard
harwich
has
hash
hasn
hasse
hasta
haste
hasten
hastened
hastily
hasty
hat
hatch
hatches
hatchet
hatchway
hate
hated
hates
hath
hating
hatred
haughtily
haughtiness
haughty
haul
hauled
hauling
haunched
haunt
haunted
haunting
hausen
hauteur
have
haven
haversack
having
havoc
havson
hawk
hawking
hawks
haynes
haywire
hazard
haze
hazed
hazing
hazy
hcurs
he
head
headache
headdress
headed
header
headgear
headgears
heading
headlamps
headless
headline
headlines
headlong
headphone
headphones
headpiece
headquarters
heads
headset
headway
heady
healed
healing
health
healthier
healthy
heana
heanas
heap
heaped
heaping
hear
heard
hearing
hearkened
hears
heart
heartbeat
hearted
heartedly
heartily
heartless
hearts
heartsick
hearty
heat
heated
heating
heave
heaved
heaven
heavenly
heavens
heavier
heaviest
heavily
heaving
heaviside
heavy
heavyweight
heck
hedge
hedonists
heed
heedless
heel
heeled
heels
hefting
height
heightening
heights
heinlein
heinstatt
heir
heirs
held
helen
helical
helicopters
helio
helium
hell
hello
helmet
helmeted
helmets
helmsman
helos
help
helped
helpers
helpful
helpless
helplessly
helplessness
helter
hemisphere
hemispherical
hemmed
hence
henceforth
henchmen
henry
henrys
hens
her
heralded
herbivorous
herbs
herd
herded
herding
here
hereditary
heretic
heretofore
herewith
heritage
hermann
hermetically
hero
heroes
heroic
heroics
hers
herself
hes
hesitancy
hesitantly
hesitate
hesitated
hesitating
hesitation
hey
hfm
hi
hicks
hid
hidden
hide
hideaway
hideous
hideously
hideousness
hideout
hiding
high
higher
highest
highlander
highlights
highly
highness
highway
hijacked
hill
hills
hillside
hilt
him
himalayas
himelf
himself
hind
hindered
hinged
hinges
hint
hinted
hinting
hints
hip
hips
hire
hired
his
hiss
hissed
hissing
historians
historic
history
hit
hitherto
hitler
hits
hitting
hives
hiziren
hlame
ho
hoar
hoard
hoarse
hoarsely
hoarsly
hoax
hob
hobbled
hobbs
hobos
hoe
hog
hogs
hoisted
hokay
hola
hold
holding
holdings
holds
hole
holes
holiday
hollow
hollowly
hollows
hollywood
holster
holy
homage
home
homecoming
homes
homesick
homeward
honan
honest
honey
honeycomb
honeycombed
honor
honorable
honored
honors
hood
hooded
hoodooed
hoods
hoofbeats
hoofed
hoofs
hook
hooked
hoots
hop
hope
hoped
hopeful
hopefully
hopeless
hopelessly
hopelessness
hopes
hoping
hopped
hopper
hopping
horde
hordes
horizon
horizoned
horizontal
horizontally
horn
hornet
horns
horny
horrible
horribly
horrified
horror
horrors
horse
horselaughs
horseman
horsepower
horses
horta
hose
hoskins
hospital
hospitalized
hospitals
host
hostage
hostages
hostile
hostilely
hot
hotel
hotly
hounds
hour
hourly
hours
hous
house
housed
household
houses
housewife
housing
hovel
hovels
hover
hovered
hovering
how
however
howl
howled
howler
howling
hq
hte
hub
hubbs
hubbub
huddle
huddled
hue
hued
hug
huge
hugest
hugged
hugging
hugo
huh
hulk
hulking
hulks
hull
hulled
hulls
hum
human
humanity
humanized
humankind
humanlike
humans
humbly
humes
humid
humidity
humiliating
hummed
humming
humor
humour
hump
hunch
hunchback
hunched
hunches
hundred
hundreds
hundredth
hung
hunger
hungry
hunkered
huns
hunt
hunted
hunters
hunting
hurl
hurled
hurling
hurricanes
hurried
hurriedly
hurry
hurrying
hurst
hurt
hurtled
hurtling
husband
husbands
hush
hushed
huskily
huskiness
husky
hut
huts
hydro
hydrogen
hydroponic
hypnotic
hypnotism
hypnotist
hypnotized
hypnotizing
hypodermic
hysteresis
hysteria
hysterical
hysterically
i
ia
iarr
ib
ice
iceberg
ichor
icicle
icily
iconoscope
icy
idea
ideal
idealistic
ideas
identical
identification
identified
identify
identities
identity
idio
idiot
idiotic
idiotically
idle
idleness
idling
idly
idol
ier
if
ignorant
ignore
ignored
ignoring
iguara
iguaras
ihem
ihonest
ilad
ill
illegal
illegally
illeria
illiterate
illuminated
illuminating
illumination
illuminators
illumine
illumined
illusion
illusions
illustrations
illustrators
ily
im
image
imaged
images
imaginable
imaginary
imagination
imagine
imagined
imagining
imbedded
imbrium
imitate
imitated
imitation
imitations
immaculate
immeasurably
immediate
immediately
immense
immensely
immensity
immersed
immobile
immodest
immortal
immortality
immune
imp
impact
impaired
impaled
impares
imparted
impassive
impassively
impassivity
impatience
impatient
impatiently
impelled
impending
impenetrable
imperceptible
imperceptibly
imperfect
imperfection
imperious
imperiously
impersonal
impersonally
impersonation
impersonator
imperturbable
impervious
impervite
impervites
impetus
impingement
impinging
impish
implacably
implements
import
importance
important
imported
importer
imports
imposed
imposing
impossible
impossibly
imposters
impotence
impotent
impractical
impregnable
impregnated
impression
impressive
impressively
imprison
imprisoned
imprisonment
improved
improvement
improvised
impudent
impulse
impulses
impulsively
in
inability
inaccessible
inadequate
inadvertently
inal
inanimate
inasmuch
inaudible
inaugurate
inbound
inc
incalescent
incapable
incarcerated
incautious
incautiously
incessant
incessantly
inch
inched
inches
incident
incidentally
incidents
incinerator
incisive
incisors
incited
incline
inclined
inclines
inclining
inclosed
include
included
includes
including
incoherent
incoming
incommunicado
incompetent
incomprehensible
inconceivable
incongruously
increase
increased
increases
increasing
incredible
incredibly
incredulity
incredulous
incredulously
incriminating
indecent
indecision
indecisive
indecisively
indeed
indefinably
indefinitely
indention
independence
independent
indescribably
indestructible
indicate
indicated
indicating
indication
indicator
indicators
indifferent
indignantly
indirectly
indiscipline
indistinctly
individual
individualistic
individuals
indomitable
indrawn
indsa
indubitable
induce
induced
indulge
indulgently
industrial
industries
industry
inefficient
inefficiently
ineptitude
inert
inertia
inertly
inescapable
inevitable
inevitably
inexorable
inexorably
inexplicable
inexpressibly
infant
infantile
infected
inferior
infernal
infested
infinite
infinitely
infinitesimal
infinitudes
infinity
inflate
inflexible
inflict
inflicted
influence
influential
info
inform
information
informed
informer
infra
infraction
infuriate
ing
ingenious
ingestion
ingly
ings
inhabitable
inhabitant
inhabitants
inhabited
inheritance
inhospitable
inhuman
inhumanity
inhumanly
inimical
initial
initials
initiative
injected
injection
injections
injun
injunction
injured
injury
ink
inkling
inky
inlaid
inland
inmate
innate
inner
innermost
innocence
innocent
innocents
innocuous
innumerable
inoperative
inorganization
inquire
inquired
inquiringly
inquiry
insane
insanity
insect
insects
insecure
insecurity
insensibility
insensible
inserted
inside
insides
insidious
insidiously
insignia
insignificance
insinuate
insinuating
insist
insisted
insistent
insists
insolent
insolently
inspect
inspected
inspecting
inspection
inspector
inspectors
inspiration
inspire
inspired
inspiring
install
installed
instance
instances
instant
instantaneously
instantly
instead
instilled
instinct
instinctive
instinctively
instincts
institute
institution
instruct
instructed
instructions
instructor
instrument
instruments
insubordinate
insufferable
insufficient
insulate
insulated
insulating
insulation
insulators
insulted
insuperable
insured
insurmountable
intact
intake
intangible
integrated
integrity
intellect
intellects
intellectual
intelligence
intelligent
intend
intended
intends
intense
intensely
intensification
intensified
intensifiers
intensity
intent
intention
intently
intentness
inter
intercept
intercepted
interchangeable
intercourse
interdepartmental
interest
interested
interesting
interests
interfere
interfered
interference
interfering
interior
interiors
interjected
interlacing
interlocking
interloper
interlopers
interlude
intermarriage
interment
interminable
interminably
intermingled
intermittent
internal
interplanetary
interposed
interpret
interpretation
interpreting
interrogated
interrupted
interrupting
interruption
interspersed
interstellar
interval
intervals
intervene
intervened
intervening
interview
intimate
intimated
intimately
into
intolerable
intonation
intoned
intothe
intoxicating
intrest
intricacies
intricate
intricately
intrigued
intrigues
introduce
introduced
introducing
introduction
introductions
intruded
intruder
intruders
intrusion
intuition
inured
invaded
invader
invaders
invalids
invaluable
invariably
invasion
inveigled
invent
invented
inventing
invention
inventions
inventor
inventory
invested
investigate
investigating
investigation
investigator
investment
investments
invincible
invisibility
invisible
invite
invited
inviting
involuntarily
involuntary
involve
involved
invulnerable
inward
inwardly
inwrards
iny
io
ionized
ionopolis
ip
irak
irate
ire
irene
iridescent
iridite
iridium
irises
irite
iron
ironic
ironically
ironies
irons
irony
irrational
irrationally
irregular
irresistible
irresolute
irresponsibly
irrigation
irritated
irritating
irvin
is
island
islands
isles
islets
isn
iso
isoflex
isolated
isolation
isotope
issue
issued
issues
issuing
it
itching
item
items
itineraries
its
itself
ivory
j
jab
jabbed
jabbering
jabbing
jac
jack
jackals
jackass
jacked
jacket
jackson
jagged
jail
jake
jaloppy
jam
james
jamison
jammed
jamming
japanese
jar
jaro
jarred
jarring
jasper
jaspers
jaunt
javelins
jaw
jawbone
jawbones
jawed
jaws
jealous
jealousy
jean
jears
jeddah
jeering
jeers
jehosaphat
jelly
jerk
jerked
jerkily
jerkin
jerking
jerks
jerky
jerome
jerry
jest
jests
jet
jets
jetting
jewel
jeweled
jewels
jibed
jibing
jiell
jiffy
jig
jigger
jiggled
jim
jingle
jingling
jittery
jive
jno
job
jobs
joe
jogging
joggled
john
join
joined
joint
jointed
joints
joke
jokingly
jolly
jolt
jolted
jonah
jones
jorgens
jostled
jostling
jot
journey
jove
jovial
jovian
jowls
joy
joyously
jr
jubilant
jubilation
judge
judged
judgment
judith
jug
jugful
juicy
july
jumble
jump
jumped
jumping
jumps
jumpy
jungle
junglelike
jungles
junior
junjit
junk
juno
jupiter
jurassic
jurisdiction
just
justice
justified
jutted
jutting
juxtaposition
k
kagan
kaj
kalen
kalson
kam
kanadon
kangaroo
kansan
kara
keans
keel
keen
keener
keenly
keenness
keep
keeper
keepers
keeping
keeps
keller
keltry
ken
kenesaw
kenley
kenleys
kenton
kepler
kept
kerla
kewpie
key
keyboard
keys
khana
kican
kick
kicked
kicking
kicks
kid
kidding
kidnap
kidnaped
kidnapers
kidnaping
kidnapped
kids
kiiown
kill
killed
killer
killing
killings
kilo
kilted
kind
kindled
kindling
kindly
kindness
kinds
kine
king
kingdom
kings
kinsfolk
kinship
kiosk
kirtle
kirtles
kiss
kissed
kisses
kissing
kit
kitchen
kitchens
klon
klondike
knee
kneel
kneeling
knees
knelt
knevfetnow
knew
knife
knifed
knight
knit
knives
knob
knobby
knobs
knock
knocked
knocking
knocks
knoll
knot
knots
knotted
knotty
know
knowabout
knowing
knowingly
knowledge
known
knows
knuckles
ko
koo
kraken
krakens
krascbik
kraut
kreuther
kshan
kudoes
kudos
kuttner
l
la
labeled
labels
labor
laboratories
laboratory
labored
laborer
laboring
laboriously
labs
labyrinth
lace
lack
lacked
lackeys
lacking
lackluster
lacks
laconic
laconically
lad
ladder
ladders
laddie
ladeeeeeees
ladees
ladeez
laden
lady
lag
lahri
laid
laila
lair
lake
lakes
lakeshore
lamb
lambent
lamely
lamented
laminated
lamp
lamplight
lamplit
lampooned
lamps
lan
lanced
lances
lancet
lanch
land
landed
landing
landings
landmark
landmarks
landor
lands
landscape
landscaped
landslide
lanes
language
languidly
languorous
lanky
lansa
lansing
lanterns
lap
lapped
lapping
lapsed
lard
large
largely
larger
largest
larr
larry
lary
larynx
lash
lashed
lashes
lashing
lass
lassies
lassitude
last
lasted
lasting
lasts
late
lately
later
latest
lather
lathes
latin
latter
lattices
laugh
laughed
laughing
laughter
launch
launched
launches
launching
laurel
lava
lavender
law
lawless
lawrence
laws
lawyer
lawyers
lax
lay
layer
layers
laying
layman
layout
lazy
lea
lead
leaded
leaden
leader
leaders
leadership
leading
leaf
leafed
leafless
leafy
league
leak
leaked
leaking
leaks
lean
leaned
leaning
leap
leaped
leapin
leaping
leaps
leapt
learn
learned
learning
leasee
least
leather
leathern
leathery
leave
leaves
leaving
lecame
lecompton
lecture
led
ledge
lee
leeches
leer
leering
leester
leeway
left
leftand
leg
legal
legally
legation
legend
legendary
legends
legged
legion
legions
legitimate
legitimately
legree
legs
leisurely
leks
lelan
lemmings
len
lend
length
lengthen
lengthened
lengths
lens
lenses
lent
leo
leonard
leonine
leopard
leprosy
less
lessen
lessening
lesser
lesson
lest
lester
let
lethal
lethargic
lethargy
lets
letter
lettered
letterhead
letters
letting
level
leveled
leveling
levelled
levels
lever
leverage
leverrier
levers
levy
lew
lewis
leydenfrost
liable
liad
liairy
lianas
liantly
liar
liard
liars
libel
libelous
liberate
liberator
liberties
liberty
libra
librarian
library
librated
license
licentious
lichen
lichens
lick
licked
licking
lickspittle
lid
lidded
lids
lie
lied
lielief
liens
lies
lieutenant
lieutenants
life
lifebelts
lifeboat
lifeless
lifelessly
lifelike
lifelong
lifepreserving
lift
lifted
lifting
light
lighted
lightened
lightening
lighter
lighthouse
lighting
lightly
lightness
lightning
lights
liim
like
liked
likeliest
likelihood
likely
likes
likeus
likewise
liking
lilly
lilting
lily
limb
limbed
limbo
limbs
limitations
limited
limitless
limits
limned
limp
limped
limpid
limping
limply
lincoln
lindquist
line
lined
liner
liners
lines
lingered
lingering
lingual
lining
linked
linoleumed
lion
lionel
lip
lipped
lips
liquid
liquidation
liquids
liquifies
liquor
lisping
list
listan
listed
listen
listened
listener
listeners
listening
listens
listless
listlessly
lists
lit
literally
literary
lithe
lithium
litter
littered
littering
little
live
lived
lives
livid
living
livingston
lizard
lizards
ll
load
loaded
loads
loaf
loafers
loafs
loathed
loathing
lobsters
local
locate
located
location
locations
lock
locked
locker
lockers
locking
locks
lodged
lodging
loft
lofty
log
logic
logical
logically
loin
loincloth
lolan
lolled
london
lone
loneliness
lonely
long
longer
longest
longing
longingly
longings
longish
longwave
longworth
lood
look
looked
looking
lookit
lookout
lookouts
looks
looky
loomed
looming
looms
loon
loop
loose
loosed
loosely
loosen
loosened
loosening
loosing
lop
lord
lorded
lords
lore
lorelei
los
lose
losing
loss
lost
lot
lothar
lotliar
lots
loud
louder
loudly
loudspeaker
loudspeakers
louis
lounge
lounged
lounging
louse
lousiest
lousy
love
loved
loveliest
loveliness
lovely
lover
loving
low
lower
lowered
lowering
lowers
lowest
lowliest
loyal
loyalties
loyalty
lozenges
lteing
lucifer
luck
luckier
luckily
luckless
lucky
ludicrous
luggage
lugged
lugging
lugo
luhites
lull
lumbered
lumbering
luminescence
luminescent
luminous
luminously
lump
lumped
lumps
lumpy
lun
luna
lunar
lunarian
lunarians
lunch
lunge
lunged
lungfuls
lunging
lungs
lunko
luralla
lurch
lurched
lure
lured
lurid
lurked
lurking
lurks
luscious
lush
lust
luster
lustrous
luxuriant
luxurious
luxuriously
lying
lyna
lynch
lysla
lyst
m
mac
macabre
mace
maces
machine
machinery
machines
mack
mackcn
macken
mackensie
mackenzie
mad
maddening
maddeningly
made
madly
madman
madness
maelstrom
maelstroms
maeltrom
maga
magazine
magazines
magic
magically
magistrate
magnate
magnet
magnetic
magnetism
magnetized
magnetizing
magnetron
magnets
magnificent
magnified
magnifiers
magnon
magnus
magyars
mahon
maid
maiden
maidens
mail
mailed
main
mainland
mainly
maintain
maintained
maintaining
majestic
majestically
major
majority
majors
make
maker
makers
makes
makeshift
makeup
making
malanthropy
male
malevolence
malevolent
malevolently
malformed
malice
malignancy
malignant
maligned
malob
malobs
mammoth
man
manacled
manage
managed
management
manager
manages
mand
mandibles
maneuver
maneuvered
maneuvering
mangled
mangling
manhattan
manhole
mania
maniac
manifest
manipulated
mankind
manleys
manly
manned
manner
mannerism
mannerisms
manners
manpower
mansion
mantled
mantlets
manual
manually
manufacture
manufactured
manufacturing
manuscripts
many
manya
map
mapped
maps
maracot
marble
march
marched
marching
mare
marene
margaret
margin
mariquita
mark
marked
market
markets
markoc
markoe
marks
marm
marooned
marred
marriage
married
marry
mars
marsh
marshes
marshy
martial
martian
martians
marts
marvel
marveled
marvelous
marvels
mashed
mask
masked
masks
masonry
masquerade
masquerading
mass
massacre
massaged
massed
masses
massive
master
mastered
masterful
masterpiece
masters
mastership
masterson
mat
match
matched
matching
matchsticks
matchwood
mate
mated
material
materialize
materialized
materially
materials
mates
mathematical
mathematically
mathematician
mathematics
matron
matted
matter
mattered
matters
matting
mav
mavro
mavrocor
mavrocordatus
mavrocordatuses
maw
maws
maximum
may
maybe
mayday
maze
mccaus
mccausland
mctavish
me
meager
meal
meals
mean
meaner
meanest
meaning
meaningless
means
meant
meantime
meanwhile
measly
measure
measured
measuring
meat
mechanic
mechanical
mechanically
mechanics
mechanism
mechanisms
medal
medallion
medals
medical
medicine
medieval
meditatively
medium
medolies
meekly
meet
meeting
meetings
meets
mei
mel
melee
mell
mellow
melodramatically
melody
melt
melted
melting
member
members
memories
memorize
memorized
memory
men
menace
menaced
menacing
menacingly
menaudo
menaudos
mental
mentality
mentally
mented
mention
mentioned
mentioning
mentor
ments
merchant
merciful
mercifully
merciless
mercurian
mercurians
mercury
mercy
mere
merely
merest
merged
merrily
merriment
merry
mesh
mesozoic
mess
message
messages
messengers
messroom
met
metabolic
metal
metallic
metals
meteor
meteoric
meteorite
meteorites
meteoritethough
meteors
meters
methane
methe
method
methodical
methodically
methods
meticulous
meticulously
meting
metorite
metropolis
mewling
mica
mickey
micro
microfilms
microphone
microphones
microphonic
microscope
microscopic
mid
midair
midday
middle
middleman
midge
midnight
midship
midships
midst
might
mightily
mightn
mighty
migrated
mike
mild
milder
mildly
mile
miles
military
milk
milked
milky
mill
milled
millenia
miller
milligram
milliken
milling
million
millionaire
millionaires
millions
millionth
mills
milne
milo
mimicked
minarets
mind
minded
mindless
minds
mine
mined
mineral
mineralized
minerals
miners
mines
mingle
mingled
miniature
minim
minimum
mining
minnows
minor
minority
minus
minute
minutes
miracle
miracles
miraculous
miraculously
mirage
mire
mirror
mirrored
mirrors
mirth
mirthlessly
misapprehension
miscellaneous
mischance
misdemeanor
miserable
misery
misfortune
mishap
misnomers
misplaced
miss
missed
misshapen
missile
missiles
missing
mission
missive
missourian
mist
mistake
mistakes
mistaking
mistakingly
misted
mister
mistreat
mistress
mistrust
mists
mistt
misty
misunderstand
mitkey
mitogenic
mitten
mittens
mix
mixed
mixture
mmm
mmmmmm
mnd
mo
moan
moaned
moaning
moans
mob
mobile
mobs
mock
mocked
mockery
mocking
mockingly
mode
modeled
modem
modern
modes
modesty
modulation
moist
moistened
moisture
mokk
mola
molars
mold
molding
molds
mole
molecule
molecules
molten
moment
momentarily
momentary
momentous
momentousness
moments
momentum
mon
monarch
money
monkey
mono
monopoly
monorail
monotone
monotonous
monotonously
monotony
monster
monsters
monstrosity
monstrous
montgomery
month
monthly
months
monument
mood
moodily
moody
moom
moon
moonlight
moonlit
moonpath
moons
moore
moorings
moorn
moornian
mop
mopped
mora
morale
morass
morbid
mordred
more
moreover
morestes
morey
morning
mornings
morojo
morose
mortality
mortally
mortals
mortar
mortoch
mosaic
moskowitz
mosquitoes
moss
mossy
most
mostly
mote
moth
mother
mothers
motion
motioned
motioning
motionless
motionlessness
motions
motive
motley
motor
motors
mottled
moulded
moulding
moulten
mound
mounds
mount
mountain
mountainous
mountains
mounted
mounting
mounts
mournful
mournfully
mouse
moustached
moustaches
mouth
mouthed
mouthful
mouthing
mouthpiece
mouths
mouthwash
movable
move
moved
movement
movements
moves
moveth
movie
movies
moving
mowed
mozaic
mph
mr
mrs
mrss
mt
much
mud
muddy
muffled
muggy
multiple
multiplicity
multiplied
multiply
multitude
multitudes
mumbed
mumbled
mumbling
mundro
muned
municipal
munitions
murder
murdered
murderer
murderers
murderous
murk
murky
murmur
murmured
murmuring
murmurings
murmurous
murmurs
muscle
muscled
muscles
muscling
muscular
mused
museum
mushroom
mushy
music
musical
musketeers
musketry
muskets
must
mustache
muster
mustn
musty
mutant
mute
muted
mutely
mutilated
mutineer
mutineers
mutinies
mutinous
mutiny
mutter
muttered
muttering
mutual
muzzle
muzzles
mv
my
myopic
myriad
myriads
myself
mysterious
mysteriously
mystery
myth
mythical
n
nab
nabbed
nagasaki
nail
nailed
nails
naive
naked
namby
name
named
nameless
nameplates
names
napoleon
narrative
narrow
narrowed
narrower
narrowing
narrowly
nasally
nasty
nation
national
nationals
nations
native
natives
natural
naturally
nature
natured
naturedly
nausea
nauseam
nauseous
navel
navigate
navigated
navigating
navigation
navigator
nay
ne
neanderthal
neanderthals
near
nearby
neared
nearer
nearest
nearing
nearly
nearness
neat
neatly
nebulae
nebulous
necessary
necessity
neck
necked
necks
need
needed
needing
needle
needles
needn
needs
negation
negative
neglected
negligee
negligible
negotiations
negro
neighbor
neighbors
neither
nell
nelson
nephew
neptune
nerve
nerves
nervous
nervously
nervousness
nest
nested
nestled
nestling
net
nether
nethermost
nettled
nettles
network
neutral
neutralize
neutralized
never
nevermore
nevertheless
nevile
neville
new
newark
newborn
newcomer
newcomers
newer
newest
newly
newlyweds
news
newsboy
newscasters
newsman
newspaper
newspapers
newsprints
newsstand
newt
next
niagara
niagaras
nice
nicely
niceties
niche
niches
nick
night
nightmare
nights
nile
nimbly
nina
nine
nines
nineteen
nineteenth
ninety
ning
nipped
nitrates
nitrogen
niy
no
noble
nobles
nobody
nod
nodded
nodding
noe
noise
noiseless
noiselessly
noisily
noisly
noisome
noisy
nol
non
nonchalance
none
nonsense
nooks
noon
noonday
nooses
nope
nor
norm
normaii
normal
normally
norman
norse
north
northern
northward
northwoods
norton
norway
norwegian
nose
nosed
noseless
noses
nostrils
not
notch
notched
note
noted
notes
nothin
nothing
nothingness
noticable
notice
noticed
noticing
notified
notify
noting
notion
notorious
nova
novacious
novel
novelets
novelette
novelty
november
now
nowadays
nowhere
nozzles
ntc
nubian
nucleus
nude
nudge
nudged
nuhign
nullified
nullifier
numb
numbed
number
numbered
numberless
numbers
numbing
numbly
numbness
numerals
numerous
nun
nunglon
nunglonl
nuptials
nurse
nursery
nurses
nut
nuts
nycon
o
oath
oaths
ob
obedience
obedient
obediently
obey
obeyed
obeying
object
objected
objection
objections
objective
objectives
objectivity
objects
oblige
obliterated
obliterating
oblivion
oblong
obscenities
obscure
obscured
obscurity
obsequiously
observant
observation
observatory
observe
observed
observer
observers
obsolete
obstacle
obstacles
obstreperous
obstruct
obtain
obtainable
obtained
obtaining
obtains
obvious
obviously
occasion
occasional
occasionally
occasioned
occasions
occupants
occupation
occupied
occupy
occupying
occurred
occurrence
occurring
ocean
oceans
ochre
octagonal
octopus
odd
oddest
oddly
odds
odor
odorless
odors
of
off
offal
offend
offended
offense
offer
offered
offering
offerings
offers
offhand
office
officer
officers
official
officially
officiousness
ofortu
often
ogres
oh
ohara
oil
oiled
oilskin
oily
ok
okay
okey
okluk
ol
old
older
oldest
olduk
olduks
oldukthrew
olga
olivar
olive
ollog
olon
olvis
olympic
olympus
ombara
omen
omens
ominous
ominously
omit
omitting
omnipresent
on
once
oncoming
one
ones
onions
only
onrush
onslaught
onto
onward
onyx
oo
oorday
ooze
oozing
opalescence
opalescent
opaque
open
opened
opening
openings
openly
operate
operated
operates
operating
operation
operations
operative
operatives
operator
operetta
opinion
opinions
opponent
opponents
opportunely
opportunity
opposed
opposite
opposition
oppressed
oppresses
oppression
oppressive
oppressiveness
oppressors
optical
optimism
optimists
optional
or
orange
orb
orbit
orbs
ord
ordeal
order
ordered
ordering
orderly
orders
ordinarily
ordinary
ordinates
ordnance
ore
ores
orestes
organ
organism
organisms
organization
organize
organized
organizing
organs
oriental
oriented
original
originally
originate
originated
originating
orion
ornament
ornamental
ornamented
ornaments
ornate
ornately
ortha
orthan
orthans
oscillator
oscillators
ostensibly
other
others
otherwise
ouch
ought
our
ours
ourselves
out
outacross
outboard
outbreak
outburst
outcrop
outcry
outdistanced
outdoor
outer
outermost
outfigured
outfit
outfits
outfitted
outgrown
outland
outlander
outlanders
outlandish
outlaw
outlaws
outlet
outline
outlined
outlines
outlook
outlying
outmoded
outnumber
outnumbered
outpost
outposts
output
outraged
outrageously
outranges
outright
outrun
outrunning
outset
outside
outsider
outskirted
outskirts
outstanding
outstretched
outthrust
outward
outwardly
outwards
oval
oven
over
overboard
overcame
overcharging
overcoat
overcome
overdone
overdrunk
overgrown
overhead
overhear
overheard
overlaid
overland
overlap
overlarge
overload
overlook
overlooked
overlooking
overlord
overlying
overpaid
overpower
overpowered
overpowering
overran
overrun
overseers
oversight
oversize
overstocked
overtake
overtaken
overtaking
overtaxed
overthrown
overturned
overwelming
overwhelmed
overwhelming
ovoid
owe
owed
owes
own
owned
owner
owners
owning
owns
ox
oxide
oxygen
ozone
p
pa
pace
paced
paces
pachyderms
pacific
pacing
pack
package
packed
packet
packing
packs
padded
pads
paean
page
pages
paging
paid
pail
pain
pained
painful
painfully
painless
pains
painstaking
paint
painted
painting
paintings
pair
pairs
pajama
pajamas
pal
palace
palaces
palate
palatial
pale
paled
paler
paling
pall
palladium
pallas
pallet
pallets
pallid
pallidly
palm
palmer
palms
palonian
pals
pamby
pan
pancake
pandemonium
pandonaria
pandora
pane
panel
panels
panes
pang
panhandlers
panic
panicked
panorama
panted
panting
pants
pantywaist
paper
papers
para
parabola
parachute
paradise
paradoxically
paragraph
parallel
paralysis
paralytic
paralyzed
paralyzing
parasites
parchment
pardon
parent
parentheses
parents
park
parked
parker
parley
parodies
parody
part
parted
partial
partially
participation
particles
particular
particularly
parties
parting
partition
partitioned
partitions
partly
partner
partners
parts
party
pass
passable
passage
passages
passageway
passed
passenger
passengers
passes
passing
passport
past
paste
pasted
patch
patched
patches
patching
pate
pates
path
pathetic
pathos
paths
patient
patiently
patina
patrician
patriots
patroclus
patrol
patrolled
patrolman
patrolmen
patrols
patronize
patrons
patted
pattern
patterns
patti
patting
paul
paulette
paupers
pause
paused
pausing
paved
pavement
paving
paw
pawed
pawing
pawn
pay
payd
paying
payment
pea
peace
peaceful
peacefully
peach
peacock
peak
peaks
peals
pear
pearl
pearls
pears
peas
peasants
pebble
pebbled
pebbles
peculiar
peculiarities
peculiarly
pecuniary
pedal
pedants
peddled
peddlers
pedigree
pedro
peek
peel
peeled
peeped
peepings
peer
peered
peering
pegasus
pegs
pelior
pell
peller
pellet
pellets
peltior
pen
penal
penalty
pencil
pencilray
pencils
penelle
penetrate
penetrated
penetrates
penetrating
penetration
penned
pens
pent
people
peopled
peoples
per
perceive
perceived
perceiving
percent
perceptible
perception
perched
percussion
perfect
perfected
perfection
perfectly
perform
performance
performed
perfume
perfumed
perfunctory
perhaps
perhelion
peril
perimeter
period
periodically
periods
periscope
periscopes
perish
perished
perishing
perkins
permanent
permanently
permeable
permission
permit
permitted
permitting
pernicious
perpendicular
perpetual
perpetually
persecuting
persia
persisted
persistent
person
personal
personalities
personality
personally
personnel
persons
perspective
perspiration
perspiring
persuade
persuaded
persuading
pervaded
pessimism
pestilential
pete
peter
peters
petersen
peterson
petrie
pets
petty
pf
pg
phantasmagoria
phantom
phantoms
pharoah
phases
phenomenon
phew
phial
philadelphia
phillips
philosophy
phlagis
phobos
phoenix
phone
phones
phonetic
phoney
phonograph
phony
phoresence
phorphor
phos
phosphorescence
phosphorescent
phosphoric
photo
photograph
photographed
photographic
photostats
phrase
phrases
physical
physically
physicist
physicists
physics
physiological
physiologically
physique
pick
picked
picking
pickings
picks
picture
pictured
pictures
pie
piece
pieced
pieces
pierce
pierced
piercing
pig
pile
piled
piles
pilgrimages
piling
pill
pillars
pillow
pills
pilot
pilots
pin
pinch
pinched
ping
pinion
pink
pinnacles
pinned
pinpoint
pins
pinzon
pioneer
pioneers
piously
pipe
piped
pipette
piping
piquant
pique
piqued
piracy
pirate
pirates
pirating
pistol
pistols
pit
pitable
pitch
pitched
pitcher
pitchers
pitching
piteous
pitied
pitiful
pitifully
pitiless
pitilessly
pits
pitted
pity
pivot
pivoted
pivoting
place
placed
placement
placer
places
placid
placing
plague
plaguing
plain
plainclothes
plainer
plainly
plains
plaintive
plan
plane
planed
planes
planet
planetary
planetesimal
planetoid
planetoids
planets
planned
planning
plans
plant
plantation
plantations
planted
plants
plaque
plastered
plastering
plastic
plastics
plate
plateau
plates
platform
platinum
platoon
platter
play
played
playhouse
playhouses
playing
playmate
plays
playwright
plaza
plea
plead
pleaded
pleading
pleadingly
pleas
pleasant
pleasanter
pleasantly
please
pleased
pleasing
pleasure
pled
pledged
plentiful
plenty
pliable
pliant
plied
plight
pll
plod
plodded
plot
plots
plotted
plotting
plow
plowed
plucked
plucking
plug
plugged
pluict
plumbing
plumed
plummeted
plummeting
plump
plumpness
plunder
plunge
plunged
plunging
plus
pluto
plutonian
plutonians
pm
pocket
pocketed
pockets
pod
poets
poignant
point
pointed
pointer
pointing
pointless
points
poise
poised
poison
poisoned
poisoning
poisonous
poke
poked
poker
poking
polarization
polarized
pole
poles
police
policeman
policemen
policy
polish
polished
polite
politeness
political
politician
politics
polluted
polter
polyglot
pondered
pondering
ponderous
ponderously
ponies
pooh
pool
pools
poor
poorer
poorly
pop
popeye
popgun
popped
popular
popularly
populated
population
porch
poring
poro
porous
port
portable
portal
portals
porte
portentous
portents
porters
portfolio
portholes
portico
portion
portions
porto
portok
portrait
ports
pose
posing
position
positions
positive
positively
possess
possessed
possesses
possessing
possession
possessions
possibilities
possibility
possible
possibly
post
posted
posterior
posting
postlude
postponed
postponing
posts
postscript
posture
postures
pot
potency
potent
potential
potentially
potentials
pouched
pouches
pounced
pound
pounded
pounding
pounds
pour
poured
pouring
pouting
powder
powdered
powdery
power
powered
powerful
powerfully
powerless
powers
practical
practically
practiced
practices
prairie
praised
prank
pray
prayed
prayer
prayers
praying
pre
preacher
preamble
precarious
precaution
precede
preceded
preceding
precious
precipitate
precipitous
precise
precisely
precision
predetermined
predict
predominantly
prefer
preferred
preferring
prefers
prehensile
preliminary
prelude
premature
premium
premonition
premonitions
preparation
preparations
preparatory
prepare
prepared
preparing
preposterous
presence
present
presentation
presented
presentiments
presenting
presently
presentment
presents
preservation
preserve
preserved
preservers
preserving
presided
president
press
pressed
presses
pressing
pressure
pressures
prestige
presumably
presumbably
presume
presumed
pretend
pretended
pretending
pretense
pretension
pretensions
pretexts
prettier
prettiest
prettily
pretty
prevailing
prevalent
prevent
prevented
preview
previous
previously
prey
preying
price
priceless
prices
prick
prickle
prickling
pride
priests
prim
primarily
primary
primate
prime
primitive
primitives
primly
prince
princess
principal
principals
principle
principles
print
printed
printing
prints
prismatic
prison
prisoned
prisoner
prisoners
prithee
privacy
private
privately
privilege
prize
pro
probability
probably
probation
probe
probed
probing
problem
problems
procedure
proceed
proceeded
proceedings
process
processes
procession
proclaim
proclaimed
proclamation
procrastination
procurable
procured
prodded
prodding
prodigious
produce
produced
producer
produces
producing
product
production
products
profession
professional
professor
professors
profile
profit
profits
profuse
profusion
program
progress
progressed
progression
project
projected
projectiles
projecting
projection
projector
projectors
proktols
prolific
prominence
prominent
promise
promised
promises
promising
promoted
promotion
prompt
prompted
promptly
promptness
prone
prong
prongs
pronounced
pronouncing
proof
proofed
proofs
propaganda
propagate
propagates
propelled
propellors
proper
properly
properties
property
prophecies
prophecy
prophesy
prophetic
propinquent
propontis
proportion
proportionate
proportionately
proportioned
proportions
proposal
propose
proposing
props
propulsion
prosaic
prospect
prospective
prosperous
prostrate
protect
protected
protecting
protectingly
protection
protective
protector
protects
protest
protested
protesting
proto
protoplasmic
protracted
protruded
protruding
proud
proudly
prove
proved
proven
proves
provide
provided
providing
province
provinces
proving
provisioned
provoking
prowled
prudently
prussia
pry
prying
pryings
ps
pseudo
psychic
psychological
psychologist
psychology
pterodactyl
public
publication
publications
publicity
publicly
publish
published
publishers
publishing
pubs
puckered
puddle
puff
puffed
puffing
pugnacious
pull
pulled
pulling
pulls
pulp
pulpy
pulsating
pulsation
pulse
pulses
pulsing
pulverized
pummeled
pump
pumping
pumps
punch
punched
punctuated
puncture
punctured
pungent
punish
punished
punishment
punk
puny
pupil
pupils
puppet
puppy
purchase
pure
purely
purest
purified
purifiers
purifying
purple
purpling
purplish
purpose
purposeful
purposefully
purposeless
purposes
purred
purse
pursed
purser
pursing
pursue
pursued
pursuers
pursuing
pursuit
push
pushed
pushing
puss
put
putrid
puts
putting
puzzle
puzzled
puzzledly
puzzlement
puzzles
puzzling
pyatt
pyramid
pyrotechnic
qosana
quadruped
quaint
quaker
quakes
quaking
qualities
quality
qualms
quantities
quantity
quarrel
quarrels
quarry
quarter
quartered
quarterly
quartermaster
quartermasters
quarters
quartet
quartz
quavered
quebec
queen
queenly
queer
queerly
quelled
quench
quenched
queried
query
questing
question
questioned
questioning
questioningly
questions
queue
quibble
quick
quickened
quicker
quickly
quicksand
quiet
quieted
quietly
quilt
quimtar
quit
quite
quitted
quiver
quivered
quivering
quivers
quiz
quizzical
quizzically
quoted
r
r4
ra
rabbit
race
raced
races
racial
racing
rack
racked
racket
rackets
racking
racks
radiance
radiant
radiantly
radiated
radiating
radiation
radiations
radiatron
radically
radio
radioactive
radioactivity
radiogram
radiophone
radiophones
radite
radium
radius
raft
rafters
rag
rage
raged
rages
ragged
raging
ragingly
rags
raid
raider
raiders
raiding
raids
rail
railing
railroad
rails
railway
raiment
rain
rainbow
rained
rains
raise
raised
raises
raising
rake
raked
raking
rakish
rakishly
raleigh
rallied
rally
rallying
ralph
ram
rambling
ramming
ramp
rampant
rampart
ramparts
ramps
ramshackle
ran
ranch
rancor
rang
range
ranged
ranges
ranging
rangy
rank
ranked
ranking
ranks
ransom
rap
rapid
rapidity
rapidly
rapiers
rapped
rapping
rare
rarely
rarity
rash
rasp
rasped
rasping
raspingly
rasps
rat
rate
rated
rates
rather
rating
rational
rationality
rationalize
rations
rats
rattish
rattle
rattled
rattling
rattly
ravaged
ravaging
ravines
raving
ravissante
raw
rawley
ray
rayed
raygun
raying
raymond
rays
rayscopes
razor
re
reach
reached
reaches
reaching
reacted
reaction
reactions
read
reader
readers
readily
reading
readings
readjust
readjusted
readjustments
ready
real
realist
realistic
reality
realization
realize
realized
realizes
realizing
really
realm
realms
reappeared
rear
reared
rearing
rearmost
reason
reasonable
reasoning
reasons
reassurance
reassure
reassured
reassuringly
rebel
rebelled
rebellion
rebellious
rebels
rebirth
rebolted
reborn
rebounded
rebuild
rebuilding
rebuilt
recalcitrant
recall
recalled
recalling
recede
receded
receding
receipt
receive
received
receiver
receiving
recent
recently
receptive
receptor
recess
recessed
recesses
recharge
recharged
rechecked
recite
recited
reciting
reckless
recklessly
reckon
reclaiming
recognition
recognizable
recognize
recognized
recognizing
recoil
recoiled
recollection
recollective
recommenced
recommend
recommended
reconcile
reconciled
recondition
reconditioned
reconditioning
reconnaissance
reconsidered
record
recorders
recording
records
recounting
recourse
recover
recovered
recovers
recovery
recreation
recruits
rectangular
rectify
recurrent
red
redaktisto
reddened
reddening
reddish
redeem
redeeming
redfaced
redhead
redly
reds
redskinned
reduce
reduced
reducing
reeds
reefed
reek
reeking
reel
reeled
reeling
reentered
reference
references
referred
referring
refilled
refined
refinement
refitting
reflected
reflecting
reflection
reflectively
reflexes
reformed
refraction
refractions
refrained
refresher
refreshing
refreshment
refrigeration
refuge
refugee
refugees
refuges
refusal
refuse
refused
refuses
regain
regained
regard
regarded
regarding
regards
regency
regents
regiments
region
regional
regions
registered
registers
regret
regretful
regretfully
regrets
regretting
regular
regularly
regulate
regulated
regulations
rehearsal
rehearsals
rehearsing
reign
rein
reincarnated
reincarnation
reinforced
reinforcements
reins
rejection
rejoin
rejuvenate
rejuvenated
relapse
related
relating
relation
relations
relative
relatively
relatives
relax
relaxation
relaxed
relay
relays
release
released
releases
releasing
relentless
relentlessly
reliable
relief
relieve
relieved
religion
religious
reload
reloading
relocked
reluctantly
remain
remainder
remained
remaining
remains
remark
remarkable
remarkably
remarked
remarks
remedied
remember
remembered
remembering
remembrance
remind
reminded
reminds
reminiscences
reminiscent
reminiscently
remnants
remodeled
remold
remorse
remorseless
remorselessly
remote
remoteness
remoter
removal
remove
removed
removing
renamed
rend
render
rendered
rendering
rending
renegade
renegades
renevvers
renew
renewal
renewed
renewers
rent
rentained
renzu
repacking
repaid
repair
repaired
repairing
repairs
reparation
repay
repealed
repeat
repeated
repeating
repellor
repellors
repercussion
repetition
rephrased
replace
replaced
replacement
replied
reply
replying
report
reported
reporter
reporting
reports
repose
reposed
repp
represent
representation
representative
represents
repress
repressed
reprieve
reproach
reproached
reproduce
reproducer
reproved
reptile
reptiles
reptilian
reptilians
repugnance
repugnant
repulsion
repulsive
reputation
reputed
reqirred
request
requested
requests
require
required
requirements
requires
requisition
rescue
rescued
rescuers
rescuing
resealed
research
resemblance
resemble
resembled
resembles
resembling
resent
resented
resentment
reservation
reserve
reserved
reserves
reservoir
reservoirs
resident
residents
resignation
resigned
resignedly
resilient
resist
resistance
resisted
resisting
resistless
resolutely
resolution
resolutions
resolve
resolved
resonant
resonator
resorting
resounding
resource
resources
respect
respectable
respected
respecting
respectively
respects
respite
resplendant
resplendent
responded
responding
responds
response
responsibility
responsible
responsive
rest
restaurant
rested
restful
resting
restless
restlessly
restlessness
restoration
restorative
restore
restored
restoring
restrained
restraining
restraint
restricted
result
resultant
resulted
resulting
results
resume
resumed
resuming
retain
retained
retainers
retaining
retaliated
retired
retirer
retiring
retort
retorted
retrace
retreat
retreated
retreating
retribution
retrieved
retrogressed
return
returned
returning
returns
retyping
reuter
rev
reveal
revealed
revealing
revelation
revenge
revered
reverent
reverie
reversal
reverse
reversed
reversing
revert
review
revise
revive
revived
revolt
revolted
revolting
revolution
revolutionaries
revolutionary
revolutionists
revolve
revolved
revolvers
revolves
revolveth
revs
revue
revulsion
revving
reward
rewarded
rewards
rftaring
rheostat
rhyme
rhythm
rhythmic
rhythmically
rib
ribbed
ribbon
ribbons
ribs
rich
richest
richly
rickety
ricksha
ricocheted
ricocheting
rid
ridden
riddle
riddled
riddles
ride
riderless
riders
ridge
ridges
ridicule
ridiculed
ridiculous
ridiculously
riding
riesland
riesling
riffraff
rifle
rifled
rifles
rift
rifts
rig
rigged
rigging
right
rightfully
righting
rightnor
rights
rigid
rigidity
rigidly
rigorous
rill
rim
rimning
rims
ring
ringed
ringing
ringlets
rings
rinse
riot
riots
rip
ripe
ripon
ripped
ripping
ripple
rippled
ripples
rippling
rise
risen
rising
risk
risked
risking
risks
risky
rist
ritual
riven
river
rivers
riveted
rivets
rny
road
roads
roadside
roadster
roam
roamed
roaming
roar
roared
roaring
roasted
roasting
rob
robbed
robbery
robbing
robe
roberds
robes
robot
robotbeing
robots
robt
rock
rocked
rockefeller
rocket
rocketing
rockets
rockily
rocklike
rocklynne
rocks
rocky
rocordatus
rod
rode
rods
rogue
roguishly
role
roll
rolled
roller
rollers
rolling
rolls
romance
romances
romantic
romanticist
romanticists
roof
roofed
roofless
roofs
rooftops
rookie
rookies
room
roommate
rooms
roomy
roonr
roorti
root
rooted
rootless
roots
rope
ropes
rose
ross
rossiter
rostrum
rot
rotated
rotation
rotifer
rotosa
rotted
rotten
rottenness
rotting
rotund
rotunda
rouged
rough
roughened
rougher
roughest
roughly
roughness
round
rounded
rounding
roundness
rounds
rouse
roused
roustabouts
rout
route
routed
routine
roved
roving
row
rows
royal
royo
rst
rtile
rub
rubbed
rubber
rubberoid
rubbery
rubbing
rubbish
rubble
rubies
ruby
rudder
ruddy
rude
rudely
rudimentary
rueful
ruefully
ruff
ruffled
rug
rugged
ruin
ruined
ruins
rule
ruled
ruler
rulers
rules
ruling
rum
rumble
rumbled
rumbling
rummaging
rumor
rumors
rumpled
rumples
rumpling
run
rung
rungs
runic
runner
running
runs
runts
rupin
rupture
ruse
rush
rushed
rushing
russell
rust
rusted
rusting
rustle
rustled
rustlers
rustling
rusty
ruthless
ruthlessly
résumé
s
sa
sabotage
sabotaged
sabre
sack
sacklike
sacred
sacrifice
sacrificed
sacrificing
sacrilege
sad
saddened
saddle
saddlebag
saddled
saddles
sadism
sadistic
sadistically
sadly
sadness
sadon
safe
safeguard
safely
safer
safety
safetywhat
saffron
saffta
saga
sagacious
sagebrush
sagged
sagging
said
saidthe
sail
sailed
sailing
sailor
sailors
sails
saint
saints
sake
sakes
salable
salamander
salary
sale
sales
saliva
sallow
sally
saloon
saloons
salt
salts
salty
salutations
salute
saluted
saluting
saluton
salvaged
salvation
sam
samak
same
sameness
sample
sampled
sampler
samples
sampling
san
sancon
sanctuary
sand
sandal
sandalled
sandals
sandbags
sanderson
sandles
sandra
sands
sandstone
sandy
sane
saner
sanest
sang
sanity
sank
sansan
sanskrit
sant
santos
sap
sapphire
sapping
sarcasm
sarcastic
sarcastically
sardines
sardonic
sardonically
sargasso
sarkins
sarnak
sarved
sat
satan
satanic
satanically
satellite
satellites
satiated
satis
satisfaction
satisfactory
satisfied
satisfy
satisfying
saturn
saturnian
saturnians
saturnine
saunders
sauntered
sausage
sausages
savage
savagely
savageness
savagery
savages
savant
savants
save
saved
saving
saviour
savissa
savissan
savissans
savory
saw
sawed
sawing
say
saying
says
scabbard
scabbards
scaffold
scale
scaled
scaleless
scales
scalp
scalpel
scaly
scampered
scampering
scandal
scandalmongers
scandalous
scandals
scanned
scanning
scant
scanty
scapegoat
scar
scarce
scarcely
scarcer
scare
scarecrow
scared
scaring
scarlet
scarp
scarred
scars
scattered
scene
scenery
scenes
scent
scented
schedule
scheduled
scheme
schemed
scheming
schmidt
scholarly
school
schooled
science
scientific
scientifically
scientist
scientists
scintillating
scooped
scope
scopes
scorched
scorching
score
scored
scores
scorn
scorned
scornful
scornfully
scorpion
scot
scotch
scotland
scots
scotsman
scott
scourge
scout
scouting
scouts
scowl
scowled
scowling
scraggly
scram
scramble
scrambled
scrambling
scrap
scrape
scraped
scraping
scraps
scratched
scratching
scratchings
scrawled
scrawny
scream
screamed
screaming
screamingly
screams
screech
screen
screened
screens
screwed
screws
script
scroll
scrub
scrubbing
scrunching
scrutinized
scrutiny
scuffed
scuffle
scuffling
scum
scuppers
scurried
scurrilous
scurrying
scuttish
scuttled
scuttling
scythe
se
sea
seabirds
seal
sealed
seals
seamed
seamless
seams
search
searched
searching
searchingly
searchlight
searchlights
seared
searing
seas
season
seasons
seat
seated
seats
seaweed
second
secondarily
seconds
secret
secretarial
secretaries
secretion
secretive
secretly
secrets
section
sectional
sections
sector
secure
secured
securely
secures
securing
security
see
seeds
seedy
seein
seeing
seek
seeking
seem
seemd
seemed
seeming
seemingly
seems
seen
seeped
seeping
seeps
seers
sees
seething
segment
segmented
seighteen
seize
seized
seizing
seldom
select
selected
selective
selectors
selenium
self
selfish
sell
selling
sells
semblance
semi
semicircle
send
sending
sends
senility
senior
seniors
sensation
sensations
sense
sensed
senseless
senses
sensible
sensing
sensitive
sent
sentence
sentences
sentient
sentiment
sentimental
sentimentalists
sentimentality
sentries
sentry
separate
separated
separately
separates
separation
serene
serenely
serf
serfs
series
serious
seriously
seriousness
sermon
serpent
serpentine
serrated
serried
sert
servant
servants
serve
served
serves
service
services
serving
servitude
session
sessions
set
sets
setting
settle
settled
settlement
settlements
settlers
settling
seven
seventeen
seventh
seventy
several
severed
severely
sewer
sewerage
sewers
sex
sexes
shabby
shack
shacks
shade
shaded
shades
shadow
shadowed
shadowless
shadows
shadowy
shadrachs
shady
shaft
shafts
shaggy
shahn
shake
shaken
shakily
shaking
shaky
shall
shallow
shallows
shambled
shambles
shambling
shame
shamed
shammed
shangri
shanks
shantung
shape
shaped
shapeless
shapen
shapes
shards
share
shared
shares
sharing
sharp
sharper
sharply
shatter
shattered
shattering
shave
shaved
shaven
shaving
shd
she
shea
sheaf
sheared
shearing
sheath
sheathed
sheathing
shed
shedding
sheds
sheen
sheep
sheepishly
sheer
sheered
sheet
sheets
shelf
shell
shelled
shells
shelter
shelved
shelves
shhh
shield
shielded
shielding
shields
shift
shifted
shifter
shifters
shifting
shiftless
shifts
shifty
shimmer
shimmering
shimmers
shin
shines
shining
shiny
ship
shipload
shipmates
shipment
shipping
ships
shipshape
shiptime
shipwreck
shipwrecked
shirt
shirts
shiver
shivered
shivering
shock
shocked
shockingly
shod
shoe
shoes
shone
shook
shoot
shooting
shoots
shop
shopping
shops
shore
shoreline
shores
short
shorter
shortly
shorts
shot
shots
shotted
should
shoulda
shoulder
shouldered
shoulders
shouldn
shout
shouted
shouting
shouts
shove
shoved
shovels
shoving
show
showboat
showed
shower
showered
showing
showman
shown
shows
shrank
shrapnel
shred
shreds
shrewdly
shrewdness
shriek
shrieked
shrieking
shrieks
shrill
shrilled
shrilly
shrink
shrinkage
shrinking
shrinks
shrivel
shriveled
shroud
shrouded
shrouding
shrub
shrubs
shrug
shrugged
shrugging
shrunk
shudder
shuddered
shuddering
shuffle
shuffled
shunted
shur
shut
shutter
shuttered
shutters
shutting
shy
shyly
sians
siberia
sibilant
sick
sicken
sickened
sickening
sickeningly
sickish
sickly
sickness
sid
side
sidelines
sidelong
sides
sidewalks
sideways
sidewise
sidled
sidney
sie
siege
siezed
sigh
sighed
sight
sighted
sightless
sights
sigmoid
sign
signal
signaled
signaling
signalman
signalmen
signals
signature
signed
significance
significant
signify
signifying
signing
signs
silence
silenced
silent
silently
silhouetted
silhouettes
silica
silk
silken
silkily
silky
sill
silliest
sills
silly
silt
silver
silvery
simeon
simian
similar
similarly
simms
simon
simple
simplest
simplex
simplicity
simplified
simply
simultaneous
simultaneously
sin
since
sincere
sincerely
sincerity
sinew
sinews
sinewy
sing
singing
single
singled
singly
singular
sinister
sinjoro
sink
sinking
sir
sire
siren
sirens
sirius
sirs
sis
sister
sit
site
sits
sitting
situation
six
sixteen
sixteenth
sixth
sixtieth
sixty
sizable
size
sized
sizes
sizzled
sizzling
skeleton
skeletons
skelter
skeptical
sketch
sketched
sketches
sketchy
skidded
skidding
skies
skilfully
skill
skilled
skim
skimmer
skin
skinned
skinny
skins
skip
skipped
skipper
skipping
skirmishers
skirt
skirted
skirting
skirts
skit
skulking
skull
skulls
skvdome
sky
skydome
skylark
skyline
skyport
skyward
slab
slabs
slackened
slackening
slacking
slag
slain
slam
slammed
slamming
slant
slanted
slanting
slantwise
slap
slapped
slapping
slash
slashed
slashing
slated
slaughter
slaughtered
slaughtering
slave
slavery
slaves
slay
sled
sledge
sledgehammer
sleek
sleep
sleeper
sleepily
sleeping
sleepless
sleeve
sleeved
sleeves
slender
slept
slew
sliape
slice
sliced
slick
slid
slide
sliding
slight
slightest
slightingly
slightly
slim
slime
slimy
slinking
slip
slipped
slippered
slippery
slipping
slips
slirank
slit
slithered
slithering
slits
sliver
slogged
slope
sloped
slopes
sloping
slopping
sloppy
slouch
sloughed
slovenliness
slovenly
slow
slowed
slower
slowing
slowly
slug
slugged
slugging
sluggish
sluggishly
slugs
slum
slumber
slumbering
slumbrous
slumped
slung
sly
slyly
smacking
small
smaller
smallest
smallish
smallness
smart
smash
smashed
smashing
smear
smeared
smell
smelled
smelling
smells
smelly
smelting
smile
smiled
smiles
smiling
smilingly
smirk
smirked
smirking
smith
smithies
smock
smoke
smoked
smoking
smolder
smoldered
smoldering
smooching
smooth
smoothed
smoothing
smoothly
smoothness
smother
smothered
smothering
smuggled
smuggling
snail
snake
snakes
snaky
snap
snapped
snapping
snappy
snare
snarl
snarled
snarling
snatch
snatched
snatches
snatching
sneakers
sneer
sneered
sneering
sniff
sniffed
sniggered
snip
sniper
snooping
snored
snores
snoring
snort
snorted
snout
snouts
snow
snowball
snowcapped
snub
snubnosed
snuffed
snugly
so
soaked
soaking
soar
soared
soaring
sob
sobbed
sobbing
sober
sobered
soberly
sobs
social
societies
society
socket
sockets
soda
soffend
soft
softened
softening
softer
softest
softly
softness
softy
soil
soiled
sol
solar
sold
soldier
soldiers
soldiery
sole
soled
solely
solemnity
solemnized
solemnly
soles
solicit
solicitously
solid
solidified
solidifying
solidity
solitary
solitude
solor
solution
solve
solved
somber
somberly
sombrely
some
somebody
somehow
someone
somersault
something
sometime
sometimes
somewhat
somewhere
somnolene
somnolent
son
song
sonic
sonls
sonly
sonny
sonorous
sonorously
sons
soon
sooner
soothing
sophisticated
sor
sordid
sordidness
sore
sores
sorrel
sorrow
sorrowfully
sorry
sort
sorted
sortie
sorts
soughing
sought
soul
souled
soulless
souls
sound
sounded
sounding
soundings
soundless
soundlessly
soundlessness
sounds
soup
soupy
sour
source
sources
soured
sourly
south
southern
southernmost
southward
southwest
souvenir
sovereign
sowed
sown
sp
space
spacecraft
spacelock
spaceman
spacemen
spaceport
spaces
spaceship
spacestrain
spacesuit
spacesuited
spacesuits
spaceway
spaceways
spaceworm
spaceworms
spacial
spacious
span
spang
spangled
spanish
spanner
spanning
spanto
spare
spared
sparingly
spark
sparked
sparkled
sparkles
sparkling
sparks
sparr
sparring
sparsely
sparser
spasm
spasms
spat
spattered
spawned
speak
speaker
speaking
speaks
spear
speared
spearmen
spears
special
specialists
specialize
specialized
specializing
specially
specials
specialty
species
specific
specimen
specimens
speck
specks
spectacle
spectacled
spectacles
spectators
spectograms
spectral
spectro
spectroscope
spectroscopic
spectroscopically
spectrum
speculative
sped
speech
speeches
speechless
speechlessness
speed
speeding
speedy
spell
spellbound
spelled
spend
spending
spent
spewed
sphere
spheres
spherical
sphericity
spheroid
spheroids
spider
spiders
spidery
spied
spiel
spies
spike
spiked
spikes
spill
spilled
spin
spindling
spindly
spine
spines
spiney
spinning
spins
spiral
spiraled
spiraling
spirals
spires
spirit
spirited
spirits
spit
spite
splash
splashed
splashing
splat
splatted
splattered
splayed
splendid
splendor
splinter
splintered
splinters
split
splitting
splittingly
splotched
splutter
spluttered
spluttering
spoiled
spoiling
spoke
spoken
spokes
sponge
spongelike
sponsoring
spores
sport
sporting
sports
sportsman
spot
spotless
spotlighted
spots
spotted
sprained
sprang
sprawled
sprawling
spray
sprayed
spraying
spread
spreading
spree
spring
springing
springs
sprinkled
sprinkling
sprinted
sprinting
sprites
sprouted
sprung
spryness
spun
spurred
spurted
sputter
sputtered
sputterihg
sputtering
spy
squad
squadron
squads
squalid
squalled
squalor
square
squared
squarely
squashed
squat
squatted
squawked
squeak
squeaked
squealed
squealing
squeeze
squeezed
squeezing
squinted
squinting
squirm
squirmed
squirming
squish
ss
sssh
st
sta
stab
stabbed
stabbing
staccato
stack
stacked
stadium
staff
stage
stagger
staggered
staggering
stagnant
stagnation
stained
stair
staircase
stairs
stairway
stake
stakes
stale
stalemate
stalk
stalked
stalking
stall
stalos
stalwart
stalwarts
stammered
stammering
stamp
stamped
stamping
stanchion
stand
standard
standards
standing
standingly
standout
standpoint
stands
stanley
star
starboard
stardust
stardustbefore
stardusthad
stardustor
stardustthat
stardustwas
stardustwhen
stare
stared
starglints
staring
stark
starlight
starlit
starr
starred
starry
stars
start
started
starthat
starting
startled
startling
startlingly
starts
starvation
starve
starways
state
stated
stately
statement
statements
states
static
stating
station
stationed
stations
statue
statues
stature
staunch
staunton
stave
stay
stayed
staying
stays
steadied
steadiest
steadily
steady
steadying
steak
steaks
steal
stealing
stealthily
stealthy
steam
steamed
steaming
steamy
steeds
steel
steep
steeply
steer
steering
stellar
steller
stem
stench
stenciled
stenogs
step
stepped
steppes
stepping
steps
stern
sterner
sternly
sternward
steve
stew
steward
stewards
stewardship
stf
stfan
stick
sticking
sticky
stiff
stiffen
stiffened
stiffing
stiffly
stifle
stifled
stifling
stiflingly
still
stillness
stilted
stimulated
stimulating
stimulus
sting
stinging
stink
stinking
stir
stirred
stirring
stirrups
stock
stocks
stocky
stockyards
stole
stolen
stolid
stolidly
stomach
stomachs
stomped
stone
stones
stonished
stony
stood
stooges
stool
stools
stoop
stooped
stooping
stop
stoppage
stopped
stopping
stops
storage
store
stored
storehouse
storehouses
storeroom
stores
storici
stories
stories461
storm
stormed
storming
storms
stormy
story
stout
stove
stow
stowaway
stowaways
stowed
stoy
straggled
straight
straightaway
straighten
straightened
straightening
straighter
straightforward
strain
strained
strainedly
straining
strand
stranded
strands
strange
strangely
strangeness
stranger
strangers
strangeshaped
strangest
strangle
strangled
strangles
strangling
strap
strapped
straps
strata
stratho
strathosphere
stratosphere
straws
stray
strayed
streak
streaked
streaking
streaks
stream
streamed
streamers
streaming
streams
street
streets
strength
strengthen
strengthened
strengthening
strenuous
stress
stretch
stretched
stretches
stretching
strewed
strewn
stricken
strict
strictly
stride
strident
strides
striding
strike
striken
strikes
striking
strikingly
strikka
string
stringent
strings
stringy
strip
stripe
striped
stripes
stripped
stripping
strips
striving
strode
stroke
stroked
strokes
strolled
strong
stronger
strongest
stronghold
strongly
strove
struck
structure
structures
struggle
struggled
struggling
strung
strutting
stub
stubbed
stubble
stubbly
stubborn
stubbornly
stubby
stuck
stud
studded
student
students
studied
studies
studious
studiousness
studs
study
studying
stuff
stuffed
stuffing
stuffy
stumbled
stumbling
stump
stumps
stung
stunned
stunning
stunt
stunts
stupefied
stupendous
stupid
stupidly
stupified
stupor
sturdy
style
styled
stylus
stymied
suave
suavely
sub
subconscious
subconsciously
subdued
subduing
subject
subjected
subjection
subjects
subjugate
subjugated
submarine
submerged
submit
subordinate
subordinates
subsequent
subsided
subsisting
subsoil
substance
substances
substantial
substitute
substitutes
subterranean
subtle
subtlely
suburbs
succeed
succeeded
succeeding
success
successful
successfully
succession
successor
succinctly
succumbed
succumbing
such
suck
sucked
suckers
sucking
suction
sudd
sudden
suddenly
sue
suffer
suffered
sufferer
suffering
sufficient
sufficiently
suffocate
suffocating
suffocatingly
suffocation
suffused
suffusion
sugar
suggest
suggested
suggesting
suggestion
suggestions
suggestively
suicidal
suicide
suicides
suit
suitable
suited
suits
sukceson
sulkiness
sullen
sullenly
sullenness
sulphur
sulphurous
sum
summed
summer
summers
summit
summon
summoned
summoning
summons
sumpun
sumsuch
sun
sunburned
sundial
sundown
sundry
sung
sunk
sunken
sunlight
sunlit
sunny
sunrise
suns
sunset
sunshine
super
superb
superficial
superhuman
superintending
superior
superiority
superiors
supernal
supersonic
superstition
superstructure
supervise
supervision
supervisor
supode
supper
supplanted
supplement
supplemented
suppleness
supplied
supplies
supply
support
supported
supporting
suppose
supposed
supposition
suppress
suppressed
supreme
surcease
sure
surely
surf
surface
surfaced
surfaces
surge
surged
surgeon
surgery
surges
surgical
surging
surlily
surmounted
surpass
surpentine
surplus
surprise
surprised
surprises
surprising
surrender
surreptitiously
surrouding
surround
surrounded
surrounding
surroundings
surrounds
survey
surveyed
surveying
survival
survive
survived
surviving
survivor
survivors
suspect
suspected
suspects
suspended
suspension
suspicion
suspicions
suspicious
suspiciously
suspiciousness
sustain
sustained
sw
swabbing
swaggered
swaggering
swallow
swallowed
swam
swamja
swamjas
swamp
swamped
swamps
swarm
swarmed
swarming
swarms
swart
swarthy
swath
swathed
swathes
sway
swayed
swaying
swear
swearing
swears
sweat
sweating
sweaty
sweep
sweeper
sweeping
sweepstakes
sweet
sweetest
sweetly
sweetness
swell
swelled
swelling
swept
swerved
swift
swiftest
swiftly
swim
swimming
swine
swing
swinger
swinging
swings
swiped
swirl
swirled
swirling
swish
swished
swishing
switch
switchboard
switched
switches
switching
swivelling
swivels
swollen
swoop
swooped
swooping
sword
swords
swordsmen
swore
sworn
swung
swush
syllable
syllables
symbol
symbolic
symbolical
symbolize
symmetry
sympathetic
sympathies
sympathized
sympathy
symptoms
syncracies
synonymous
synthetic
syringe
system
systems
t
t4
ta
tabernacles
table
tables
tablet
tabletop
tablets
taboo
taciturn
tackle
tackles
tacks
tactful
tactfully
taen
tag
tail
tails
taint
tainted
taka
take
taken
takeoff
takes
taking
tale
talent
talents
tales
talk
talkative
talked
talking
talks
tall
taller
tallest
tame
tamper
tampered
tampering
tand
tanda
tangible
tangibles
tangle
tangled
tank
tanks
tantalizing
tantalizingly
tantalum
tantalus
tantaluses
tap
tapestries
tapped
tapping
taps
tara
tarch
target
targets
tario
tarnish
taroh
tarried
task
tasks
tasseled
tassels
taste
tasted
tastefully
tasteless
tastes
tattered
tatters
taught
taunt
taunted
taunting
tauntingly
taurian
taurians
taut
tautly
tautness
taval
tawdry
tawny
taxes
tbis
td
teach
teacher
teaching
team
teamed
tear
tearfully
tearing
tears
technical
technically
technician
technicians
technique
ted
tedious
teeming
teeny
teetering
teeth
teethed
tele
telenews
telepathic
telepathically
telepathy
telephone
teleplate
telescope
telescopes
telescopic
telescreen
televise
televised
television
tell
telling
tells
tellurian
tellus
temper
temperament
temperature
temperatures
tempered
tempers
tempest
temple
tempo
tempora
temporal
temporarily
temporary
temporascope
temptation
tempted
tempting
ten
tend
tended
tendency
tender
tenderfoot
tenderly
tenderness
tending
tendons
tendril
tendrils
tenements
tenest
tennessee
tennis
tense
tensed
tensely
tenseness
tenser
tensile
tension
tent
tentacle
tentacles
tentatively
tenth
tenuous
tepid
ter
term
termed
terminal
terminated
terms
terra
terraced
terraces
terrain
terrestrial
terrestrials
terrible
terribly
terrific
terrified
terrifying
territory
terror
terrorized
terrorizing
terrors
terry
terryhall
terse
tersely
tesseract
test
tested
testimony
testing
tests
tether
tethered
texas
text
tfie
thaa
thala
thamon
than
thank
thanked
thankful
thankfully
thankfulness
thanking
thanks
thanx
tharkya
that
thatched
thaw
thb
the
theah
theater
thee
theft
their
theirs
thekla
them
theme
themselves
then
thence
theoretical
theories
theorized
theory
there
thereabouts
thereafter
thereby
therefore
therein
thereof
thermal
these
thesis
thewed
they
theyre
thf
thick
thicken
thickened
thickening
thicker
thickly
thickness
thief
thieved
thig
thigh
thile
thin
thine
thing
things
think
thinker
thinkin
thinking
thinks
thinly
thinned
thinner
thinning
third
thirds
thirst
thirsted
thirstier
thirsty
thirty
this
thl
tho
thomas
thongs
thorn
thorns
thorny
thorough
thoroughfare
thoroughly
those
thou
though
thought
thoughtful
thoughtfully
thoughtless
thoughts
thousand
thousands
thousandth
thrashing
thread
threaded
threading
threads
threat
threaten
threatened
threatening
threateningly
threats
three
threshing
threshold
threw
thrice
thrill
thrilled
thrilling
thrillingly
thrived
throat
throated
throats
throaty
throb
throbbed
throbbing
throne
throng
thronged
throngs
throttled
through
throughout
throw
throwing
thrown
throws
thrum
thrumming
thrust
thrusting
thud
thudded
thudding
thuds
thugs
thumb
thumbs
thump
thumped
thumping
thunder
thunderclap
thundercloud
thundered
thundering
thunderous
thunders
thunderstorms
thundrous
thurlite
thus
thy
tick
ticket
tickets
ticking
tickle
tickled
tickling
ticklish
tide
tides
tie
tied
tier
tiered
tiers
ties
tiffany
tiger
tigerishly
tigerphants
tight
tightened
tightening
tighter
tightly
til
tilely
tiling
till
tilled
tilt
tilted
timber
time
timed
timeless
timely
timer
times
timid
timidity
tin
tinge
tinged
tingle
tingled
tingles
tingling
tingly
tiniest
tinkering
tinkle
tinny
tint
tinted
tints
tiny
tion
tione
tip
tipped
tipping
tips
tiptoe
tiptoed
tiptoes
tire
tired
tiredly
tiredness
tireur
tireurs
tissue
tissues
titan
titania
titanic
titans
title
titled
titter
tittering
titular
tliat
tnus
tny
to
toad
tobacco
today
toddling
toe
toes
tofigure
together
toiled
toiling
toils
token
tokyo
told
tolerate
toll
tollgamo
tolling
tom
tomato
tomatoes
tomb
tomoro
tomorrow
tomtoms
ton
tonal
tone
toneless
tonelessly
tones
tongue
tongued
tongues
tonight
tonnage
tons
tonsorial
too
took
tool
tooled
tools
tooth
toothed
toothless
top
topped
toppled
tops
topsno
topsy
torch
torches
tore
torgens
torio
torment
tormented
tormentors
torn
tornado
torp
torpedo
torpedoes
torrent
torrents
tors
torso
torsoes
tortuous
torture
tortured
torturer
torturers
torturing
torturingly
toss
tossed
tossing
total
tottering
touch
touched
touching
tough
tougher
toughest
tour
tours
tousled
tow
toward
towards
towel
tower
towered
towering
towers
town
towns
toxic
toy
toyed
toys
trace
traced
tracery
traces
tracing
track
tracked
tracker
tracking
tracks
tracolatown
trade
tradi
trading
tradition
traditions
traffic
tragedy
tragic
tragically
trail
trailed
trailer
trailing
trails
train
trained
training
trainman
trains
trait
traitor
traitorous
traitors
traits
tramp
tramped
trample
trampled
tran
trance
tranite
transaction
transactions
transcendent
transfer
transference
transfering
transferral
transferred
transferring
transfixed
transfixing
transformation
transformations
transformed
transient
transit
transition
translate
translated
translating
translucent
transmission
transmitted
transmitter
transmitting
transmuting
transomlike
transparency
transparent
transpired
transpiring
transport
transportation
transported
trap
trapdoor
trapped
trappings
traps
traqkr
travel
traveled
traveler
travelers
traveling
travelling
travesty
tray
treacherous
treachery
tread
treaded
treading
treads
treason
treasure
treasury
treat
treated
treating
treatment
treaty
tree
trees
treg
tremble
trembled
trembling
tremendous
tremendously
tremor
trending
trephined
trepidation
tri
trial
triangle
triangular
tribal
tribe
tribes
tribesmen
tribunals
tribute
trick
tricked
tricking
trickle
trickled
trickling
tricks
tridium
tried
tries
trifle
trifles
trigger
triggers
trillions
trilobite
trim
trimmed
trinight
trio
trip
triple
triplet
triplicate
tripling
tripped
trips
triton
triumph
triumphant
triumphantly
trod
trodden
trojan
troop
trooper
troopers
trooping
troops
tropical
trotted
trotting
trouble
troubled
troubledly
troubles
troublesome
troubling
troughs
troupe
trousered
trousers
trowbridge
trrfk
truce
truck
trucks
trudged
true
truly
trump
trumpet
trumpeting
trumpetings
trumpets
trunk
trunkful
trunks
trussed
trust
trusted
trusting
trustingly
truth
truthful
truthfully
try
tryants
trying
ts
tu
tub
tubby
tube
tubelight
tubes
tucked
tucking
tug
tugged
tugging
tul
tumble
tumbled
tumbling
tumult
tumultuous
tune
tuned
tung
tunic
tunics
tuning
tunnel
tunneled
tunnels
turbines
turf
turmoil
turmoildrinking
turn
turnd
turned
turning
turnings
turnkey
turns
turret
turvy
tussock
tust
tvay
tve
twain
twang
twanged
twanging
tweed
twelve
twentieth
twenty
twice
twict
twiddled
twiddling
twigs
twilight
twilit
twin
twined
twineth
twinge
twining
twinkle
twinkled
twinkling
twins
twirled
twirling
twist
twisted
twisting
twists
twitch
twitched
twitching
two
twoscore
twp
tycoon
tying
type
typed
types
typewriter
typewriters
typical
typically
typing
typist
tyranny
tyrant
tyrants
u
u9
udders
ugh
ugliest
ugliness
ugly
uh
ultimate
ultimately
ultra
ultraviolet
ultraworld
un
unable
unaffected
unafraid
unalloyed
unarmed
unaroused
unattractive
unauthorized
unavoidable
unbelievable
unbelievably
unbelievers
unbelieving
unbelievingly
unblinkingly
unborn
unbreathing
unbroken
unbuckled
unbutton
unbuttoned
uncanny
unceremoniously
uncertain
uncertainly
uncertainties
uncertainty
unchanged
unchanging
uncharted
unchecked
uncivil
uncle
unclean
unclenched
unclenching
uncombed
uncomfortable
uncomfortably
uncommon
uncommonly
unconscious
unconsciously
unconsciousness
unconsidered
uncontrollable
uncover
uncovered
uncradling
unctuous
undaunted
undecided
undependable
under
underbrush
undercut
underestimate
underfoot
underground
underhand
underling
underlings
underlying
undermine
underneath
undersea
underside
understand
understanding
understatement
understood
understudy
undersurface
undertake
underwater
underworld
undid
undiluted
undirected
undissipating
undo
undoing
undomed
undone
undoubtedly
undressing
undue
undulating
undulation
unduly
unearthly
unease
uneasily
uneasiness
uneasy
unending
unenlightened
unerringly
uneven
unexpected
unexpectedly
unexplainable
unfair
unfamiliar
unfastened
unfavorable
unfeeling
unfettered
unfinished
unfit
unfolded
unformed
unfortunate
unfortunately
unfriendly
ungainly
ungrateful
unguarded
unguess
unguided
unhappily
unhappy
unharmed
unharmful
unhealthily
unhealthy
unheard
unheeded
unheeding
unhesitatingly
unholy
unhuman
unhurriedly
unification
unified
uniform
uniformed
uniformly
uniforms
unimpared
unimportant
uninhabitable
uninhabited
unintelligible
uninteresting
uninterrupted
union
unions
unique
unison
unit
united
units
unity
univers
universal
universe
universes
universities
university
unjam
unknown
unleashed
unles
unless
unlike
unlimited
unlit
unloaded
unlock
unlocked
unloosed
unloosening
unlucky
unmarked
unmasked
unmercifully
unmindful
unmistakable
unmistakably
unmoving
unnameable
unnatural
unnaturally
unnecessary
unnerved
unnoticeable
unnoticed
unobtrusive
unoccupied
unopened
unpacking
unpaved
unpleasant
unpleasantly
unpolluted
unpredictable
unpressed
unprincipled
unprotected
unproven
unpunctured
unquestionably
unquestioning
unravel
unreal
unreasonable
unreasonably
unreasoning
unrefreshing
unrelated
unrelenting
unremitting
unrequited
unresisted
unresponding
unrest
unrolled
unruly
unsaddled
unsanctioned
unscalable
unscathed
unscrewed
unscrupulous
unseal
unseeing
unseemly
unseen
unshackled
unshattered
unshaven
unskilled
unsmiling
unsmilingly
unsnap
unsolicited
unspatial
unspeakable
unspectacular
unspoken
unstable
unsteadily
unsteady
unstrapped
unstrapping
unsubstantial
unsuspected
untamed
untaught
untested
unthinkably
unthinking
untidy
untied
until
untouchable
untouched
untrustworthy
unused
unusual
unusuality
unusually
unutterably
unwanted
unwarily
unwavering
unwind
unwordly
unworthy
unyielding
up
upholstered
upjohn
uplands
uplifted
upon
upper
uppercut
upperhand
upraised
upright
uprights
uprisers
uprising
uproar
uproariously
upset
upside
upstairs
upstream
upstretched
upthrust
upturned
upward
upwards
upwind
ura
uranian
uranus
urban
urchins
urge
urged
urgency
urgent
urgently
urging
us
use
used
useful
useless
uselessly
uses
usher
ushered
ushers
using
usual
usually
usurp
utility
utilization
utilizing
utopia
utter
uttered
utterly
v
vaaka
vacancies
vacancy
vacant
vacated
vacation
vacillating
vacuum
vagrant
vague
vaguely
vain
vainglorious
vaingloriously
vainly
val
valcine
valhalla
valkyries
valley
valleys
valno
valor
valuable
value
valued
valueless
values
valve
valves
vampires
van
vanadium
vanes
vanish
vanished
vanishing
vanity
vanning
vantage
vapor
vaporize
vari
variations
varied
variety
various
vary
varying
vasper
vast
vasta
vaster
vastly
vastness
vat
vault
vaulted
vaulting
vaults
vaunted
ve
vee
veedles
veered
vega
vegetable
vegetables
vegetal
vegetation
vehemence
vehemently
vehicle
veil
veiled
veiling
veils
veins
vellicating
velocity
velvet
vendor
venge
vengeance
vengeful
vengefully
venom
venomous
venomously
vent
ventilate
ventilating
ventilator
ventilators
vents
venture
ventured
venu
venus
venusian
venusians
venutian
verbal
verdant
verdict
verge
verify
veritable
vermiform
vermin
vernier
verra
version
vertebrae
vertical
vertically
very
vesh
vessel
vessels
vest
vesta
vestigial
veteran
veterans
vial
vials
vib
vibrant
vibrantly
vibrate
vibrated
vibrating
vibration
vibrationless
vibrations
vibrator
vibrators
vice
vicinity
vicious
viciously
viciousness
victim
victims
victorious
victory
vied
vieux
view
viewers
viewing
viewplates
viewpoint
viewports
views
vigil
vigilance
vigor
vigorously
viking
vile
vilification
village
villages
villains
vincent
vindicate
vindictiveness
vine
vines
vineyards
vintra
violence
violent
violently
violet
virescent
virgin
virgins
virtual
virtually
virus
visage
viscous
vise
visi
visibility
visible
visibly
vision
visioned
visions
visiplate
visit
visitation
visited
visiting
visitor
visitors
viso
visor
visors
vissa
vista
visualize
visualized
visualizing
visually
vit
vital
vitality
vitally
vitals
vitriolic
vivid
vividly
vivisection
vizi
vizifans
vizigraph
vizigrapheers
vknow
vocal
voice
voiced
voiceless
voices
voicing
voics
void
voidal
voitrix
vokanta
volcanic
volcanoes
volition
volley
volplane
voltage
volume
volumes
volunteer
volunteered
volunteers
voluptuous
vomited
vot
vote
voted
votes
vou
vouchsafed
voyage
voyagers
voyaging
voyagle
vries
vulcan
vulcanian
vulcanites
vultures
vwark
w
wa
wabbling
waddled
waddling
wade
waded
wading
wafted
wafting
wagged
waggled
wagon
wagons
wahwahroo
wail
wailed
wailing
waist
waists
wait
waited
waiter
waiting
waits
wake
wakened
walk
walked
walking
walks
wall
wallace
wallacehe
walled
walls
walter
wan
wand
wander
wandered
wanderer
wanderers
wandering
wanderings
wanderlust
wands
waned
wanes
waning
wanly
wanna
want
wanted
wants
war
ward
warden
warehouse
warehouses
warfare
warily
wark
warlike
warm
warmed
warmer
warming
warmly
warmness
warmth
warn
warned
warning
warp
warped
warping
warrant
warrior
warriors
wars
warship
warships
wary
was
wash
washed
washing
washout
wasn
wasoitering
waspish
waste
wasted
wasteland
wastes
wasting
watch
watched
watchers
watches
watchful
watchfully
watching
watchman
water
watered
waterfall
waterfalls
waterfront
waterlocks
waterlogged
waterloo
waterproof
waters
watery
watever
watr
wave
waved
wavelets
wavered
wavering
waves
waving
wavland
wavy
wax
waxed
waxen
way
wayland
waylandf
ways
wayside
wayward
we
weak
weaken
weakened
weakening
weaker
weakling
weaklings
weakly
weakness
weaknesses
wealth
wealthy
weapon
weaponless
weapons
wear
wearers
wearied
wearily
weariness
wearing
wears
weary
weather
weathered
weathering
weave
weaved
weaving
weazened
web
webbed
wedged
wedging
wee
weed
weeds
week
weeks
weel
weeny
weeping
wehe
weigh
weighed
weighing
weighs
weight
weightless
weights
weighty
weinbaum
weiners
weird
weirdest
weirdly
welcome
welcomed
welcomes
welfare
well
welled
wellman
wells
welt
wench
wended
went
weppons
wept
were
weren
west
westchester
western
westward
wet
wg
whale
whales
what
whatever
whathappens
whatsoever
whch
wheel
wheeled
wheeling
wheels
wheezing
when
whence
whenever
where
wherein
whereon
whereupon
wherever
whether
whew
whey
which
whichever
while
whilst
whimpering
whimsical
whimsicality
whine
whined
whining
whinny
whip
whiplash
whipped
whipping
whips
whir
whirl
whirled
whirling
whirlpool
whirlpools
whirr
whirred
whirring
whis
whisk
whisked
whiskers
whisky
whisper
whispered
whispering
whisperings
whispers
whistle
whistled
whistling
white
whitefaced
whitely
whiteness
whitening
whiter
whites
whitish
whizzed
whizzing
who
whoever
whole
wholesale
wholly
whom
whonked
whoo
whooped
whooping
whose
why
wicked
wickedly
wide
widely
widened
widening
wider
widow
widowed
width
wielded
wielder
wife
wiggins
wilbur
wilcox
wild
wilderness
wildeyed
wildly
wildness
wilds
will
willed
william
williamson
willing
willingly
willingness
wilson
wilted
wilting
wily
win
wince
winced
wind
windbreaks
winded
winding
window
windowed
windowless
windows
winds
windshield
windshields
windy
wine
wines
wing
winged
winging
wings
wink
winked
winking
winners
winning
wins
winslow
winter
winters
wintry
wipe
wiped
wipes
wiping
wire
wires
wiry
wisdom
wise
wisely
wiser
wish
wished
wishes
wishing
wisp
wisps
wispy
wistful
wistfully
wit
witch
with
withdraw
withdrawn
withdrew
withered
withering
withhold
within
without
withstand
wits
witted
witty
wives
wizened
wobbly
woe
woefully
woke
wolfish
wolves
woman
women
won
wonder
wondered
wonderful
wonderin
wondering
wonderingly
wonderment
wonders
wondrous
wont
wood
woodbine
wooded
wooden
woodenly
woods
wool
woosh
word
wordless
wordlessly
words
wore
work
workaday
worked
worker
workers
working
workmen
workroom
works
worksuit
world
worldly
worlds
worm
worms
worn
worried
worriedly
worry
worrying
worse
worship
worshiped
worshipers
worshiping
worshipped
worships
worst
worth
worthless
worthwhile
worthy
would
wouldn
wouldst
wound
wounded
wounds
woven
wracked
wracking
wraiths
wrap
wrapped
wrapper
wrapping
wrappings
wras
wrath
wre
wreaked
wreath
wreck
wreckage
wrecked
wrecking
wrecks
wrenched
wrenches
wrenching
wrere
wrestling
wretches
wrhite
wriggled
wriggling
wringing
wrinkle
wrinkled
wrinkles
wrinkling
wrist
wrists
wristwatch
write
writer
writh
writhed
writhing
writhings
writing
writings
written
wrong
wrongs
wrote
wrought
wry
wryly
wrymore
wth
wtih
wylie
wyoming
x
xylon
y
yams
yanked
yanks
yard
yards
yarn
yarns
yas
yawned
yawning
ybur
ye
yeaaaah
yeah
year
yearand
yearning
years
yeled
yell
yelled
yelling
yellow
yellowing
yellowish
yells
yelp
yelping
yep
yer
yes
yesterday
yet
yield
yielded
yielding
ymr
yo
yoke
yon
yonder
yoo
york
you
young
younger
youngest
youngster
your
yours
yourself
yourselves
youth
youthful
youths
ytan
ytu
yup
z
zagging
zan
zealand
zealously
zeeth
zembla
zero
zest
zhip
zig
zinder
zipped
zipper
zombie
zombies
zone
zones
zoom
zoomed
zooming
zura
zutkuh
